
Herod at the time that the disease has reached 47 years Nabonassari z ,.
Tybis XVIII, XIX fequente, Thursday, fequente fextus, Schebat.
fortnight; the fequente xv, 376 years of the Jewish people, O, of which the Schebat on the new moon.
6. 17. 3; 2, December XXVI, Aegon sixteen years creating the world.
to 3949: the Zygon, 6. 16. 4, west. xxvi In periods of the year.
lianae 4713, January in the IIx in the cycle of an improved, January in the force contained in the cycle.
vitiofo. 89. 7 degrees latitude anomaly medium. 28. Ver.
BA Iofephus of defeétione Moon lib. XVII. * Tov ärsg9 Mar $ ouoiav, ός.
Íyny gxat'w £ 100) ydow and ajdegς έν ά ἐajg®aJ3 Éwws %%. EF voxfin §.
τῆασή νυκτίΚάλτω. He adds, how ingrauesccntemorbo length.
conic burn through $ egμα λετός by physicians after the murder of Antipater son ,.
And kill a leading light from the course began with a dream.
a son. Finally writes ipfum among the most dreadful pain of violence ,.
And tyrannical essudisse life, as indeed happened a while ago.
customary bread, which recalls the Iofephus fequenti. Two.
So cycles of solids ruled forth, the beginning of the year to grab Julian.
varying by force, by which the renunciatus the King by the Roman Senate. Or subtracted from the force.
the solid from the 44 end of this has been done, yet there remain of the year will stand off 38. Iofephus: βα.
Aix vessel d4 'and μάρ αποκτειας Ayiiyoyov & egτησε δέ τegyptiroy, irntia.
Dςαey from reality / @ dxoy. D4 '§ oûôè Pauaiú ditados) from £ 3 * ßaaiX%, iiae re / α.
x%. What shall we do, then, Eufebio, the death of Herod, that it confers.
In the fourth year of Olympiad 195 that year Olympiadic unfair.
of passage, the days of the years of the life of Julian's 51? The Herod died in Lu.
liano Hi. Then deducted 6 out of 52, only 46 years of absolute ,.
he reigned, to whom Herod had done, has been rich in this Eufebij Epilogif.
mum. Who does not see dλαλ5ίω? For 37 years, he attributes.
Herodes solids kingdom, confurgeret, during the first year by year.
 Q_q 4 ongoing.
I
I.464 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G 50 1
Emperor Aetium ongoing. The Fane, unless I am mistaken, this was the A.
the mind of Eufebius, who was of such an absurdity this would fefe to transfer. What to say.
those who have had a previous edition of our Herodes excess of ten.
rigor, and this lunar occur and urged people read it, and wrong to do so.
Herod the year and the time of the revolt are divined? We SI.
We will enjoy los fuo. We are the role of protecting the fusceptæ ,.
it is certain that it has never betrayed it. What more could have been better demonstrated ,.
How this demonstrated that we are? On the other hand, by the person responsible for Annius.
Philo was stramentitij fons writes, Herod forty years.
his reign is: xxx 1II1, indeed, a tyrant, he, the lees of person lawfully brought to, though.
a signal to that oracle of the impudence of not only monks, but out of the.
a third from not knowing how man openeth: I am surprised, however, not so much from him, man to trust.
And then that he decided to put good people, which found fèótatores.
men ', not contempt, the man, who had it from the most presumptuous of fa.
walling which is not hurt, they are by no means afraid to put in writing the fua at length.
preciofum as an emblem of the transfer. What vocatlegitimum.
King? Does not aware that the Roman Senate declared the King ,.
I had never been legitimate? Teach us how King.
it is not legitimate to keep the throne from that law and the decision of the senate.
regularly. If his mind is to leave this life, however, to have been tyrannical, and near the end.
the more the time of the last to have been very much too, had at the outset of the reign of tales of those who.
claims, idem children, her father interfeetor and a young boy.
under the tyrannical mothers' udders Caefarum action to deny. But C.
not only in the plane of the daies iourney of the eum they are, rather than in those of the present day.
and prudent in the light of the letters from the books of his, when they saw so great a deadly thrall set in the & im.
to be reduced. Chronicle suppose that no good can save that.
From Jerof, Metasthenes, Xenophon, Myrtilus and similar Annia.
the end of the wonders, confarcinatum takes place. To drink at the examples, or the Organizations whose concern it.
quifquiliis to ask for some of them, it is not knowing how to be broken through by means of a herald to proclaim it.
Whatever was written Annijoblectant nor the trial, nor FEN.
reduc have not had any letters.
500 E 10 100 E S S V A V G RD 1 and 5 N 1 O 1 T 1.
  1 B E R T i.
VGVSTI Tvs born fifteen cycle of the moon, those wanting postoc.
cafum Sunday, ajyoxâg6% 4e9TxoTárr®. He died two sixth ,.
TPompeio & Apuleio c o s s. ncomenia Thoth 7 61 years.
Nabonassaro: Julian Isa in the lunar cycle and he was fifteen.
At the same, therefore, the cycle of birth and death, which would now be looking fèptuagefimus.
the seven year iniisscta dicbus summer, but because the Julian year.
 • '. ^ • birthday.
B.
501) E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 50 1 46 ;.
A birthday is considered on the same day eiufdem menfis a stamp on it.
in the ancient Roman fi Julius Cæfar year emendasset does not.
XX 1 1 1 September by surprise, because they seem to lack the year.
feptuagefimo fextus so many days, how many from his presence, to the extreme, to the.
vicefimum third of September. Therefore, Suetonius writes it out.
Norway evacuated feptuagefimo fextus, five and thirty days.
less. The same was attended by the Rev. Augustus, in which he died for.
XX 1 1 1 September, in which his birthday. Was also the same.
