 Quodautcm.
menfibus Tetraeteridos of the common people, that is, thirty, the chronicles of the fingulis will avail yourself of.
tur, whom they called Solares, and the magistrates, however, & I give and ti Lunaribuspc.
Rio Calippicæ, ex evident to those who supra, and elsewhere we are adduéta..
i. Which.
: 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 429.
].
ACuius of the thing is a clear argument which rekindled laid in the balance Regumi.
Syria. Among these was the crown of the head, behind a mi.
finistra a covenant with a rod in his hand, from the right, carrying in the sun, the moon.
top of the head, it is a bare the year, of which.
menfes Lunar are in the head, that is, the magistrate Solaris.
Now there are 29 expofiti πςόχ {public vfui. Eiufmodi balance today.
extant letters, B, X, A, IA {e}.>. ANTIOXOY. EIII®A.
INOYXE.
A 50 E 10 500 E A N N A N R E o $ 500.
A 5 1 5 500 AE O Marcus.
| 3 s.
1 A and E's serse Seleucidarum two manifestaho with the Jews.
5 day fuperfunt steps, starting mcnfium indeed tifrum years.
But only the hinges Syromacedonico autumn, clearly.
AVII Octobris. Double again appeal the air. For either Iy r> e pears.
is the number of old Greece, also Macabæorum.
unto the first, or the rivy Type the number of the contraets. In a number of Intel.
Ligure, which Hifpani former air. To set this out there are two kinds are clear, ap.
pellatio, so, too, you vfus. For Æra contracts, it is begins to run from tifrum, ine.
Substance Alexandrco year, as many passages from that Puckett & ätus of the CA.
the guests of the year in the Talmud, and the words of Rabbi Aba bar Huna the landlord.
Began to Rosh hnssana, which is the one thing from the discussion of the heads of the year. Aera.
The Greeks from Nifanius: Quja of the Exodus from menfis spring.
The first, by the year begins with a politician, or rather Ecclefiastica.
AnnoGræcorum c L1 Demetrius P. fled Rorha.1. Macabre.
Div. VII. 1. The same year, the month XIII, The foods. ch. Div.
4 ;. 49. Nifanius fequens incipitannum 52 c. Div. VIII. 3. Unless.
FAM is the beginning of the year for Jews, the Jews. Besides the cap. x !.
Greece c 50 x 1. year, summer days, Alexander king.
F. Epiphanes an army, he is besieging Ptolemais, which they at length.
position. After bound by an agreement CιΙΓΤm taken. He gives them in the smoke of fa.
quired. Tifrum fequenti eiufdemh year C LX, Jonathan enters the Pope.
1) Mass, a formal axlwotnyia%. Ch. 21. So the summer and autumn with.
C LX continued in the same year. Finally, Jonathan interfeetor it.
winter with much snow had fallen. Div. 1 x i i z z, and even years.
Greece c LXX, the year immediately after the murder of her fuccedit name.
brother. Ch. 41. The following year, he ran Ijar c favorable. Ch. 51. ER.
Gover c Lxxi started the year, when winter comes to an advanced tranfa & TA.
ho c seventies. So at the beginning of Nifanius EpochæGræcorum ;.
Since it is from the book of Exodus, the law for the reform of the vfque of the year of today's; >.
Nifan4 O 3. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
Nifanius the first mcnfis. Apart Efdra, Nchemiam, scroll A.
Ester, Zachary confirmed himself are Macabæorum the prior book. in.
which is to be menfis vndecimus Schebat, Cafleu IX extended. Then either.
Antiochenfes the Jews, the Jews, or against the fEx to Antiochenfes.
menfibus præuertebant in the pruning of the times. Jewish and Fane.
2nnU1S præuertebat the start of Antioch fèmenstri interval. In the year.
c 50 Greeks blockade of the tower. Div. 1. O 2. The year was £.
Batica. Ch. 49. 53. It was the summer of the year the Jewish day; 598.
But this year is the year Iudaicus 3 598 149 Alexandreus Seleucidae.
fess This, however, is 1 5o. The Jewish year, Greece 15 cæ.
Nifanius pit a year Seleucidarum 149 Rurfus in Greece LXX c ,.
menfe Schcbat, Caefarum by Simon, and XVI. 14. His son John stand.
Tim interfeetor father surrounds Ptolemæum assinus fuum taken for.
Ceri interfeótorem, and the sabbatical year, according Iofephus namely, whether.
mo Jewish; 6 x 6 cumlongum time for the investment of £ ta been done before.
Nifancurrebat year 177 Nifanius starts from the year 178, and who.
give Sabbaticus. The year starts from the first Greek Jewish.
Nifanius the year 3449 the Jews of today. But it has been demonstrated that an.
whether the first Seleucidarum seized by the Jewish people in today's 3 4 5 a.
Athens Greece overthrown the Jewish year Sele.
off the flue Alexandria menfibus sex. This can also be served.
circumfpcétissimis her. And our time is the difference.
oboluit: fedtamenhæfimus in the mud. Why amending annosGræcorum ,.
Macabæorum a manner finished the first volume of which, the times of the exact vo.
wants to, it, expressing confidence in the first, within the summer, the winter weather, or within the femestre.
propofiti confistant year. In fact, it has been demonstrated by us in the fate of, the whole.
Antioch is the second year in summer femestri Jewish. Therefore.
fufpicari someone who can start serse contraets straight from the Jews.
to be conferred in the year of 3449. This, however, does not this a Jewish practice.
certo trial, but at random, as different from those declared. For.
The real contraets dropping in Alexandria ipfas & Dhilkarnain with.
Solaris cpocha year from October 1 v 1 and phase Callippic that ad.
tcmpora VFI are Diocletian until his computer, where today.
use a comment ing the clearest and eggs D.