Christian incptis properties over the Easter skirmished before the debcbant.
ON A P i
400 E 1000 N 500 E A T I O R V • International BV 1000 50 1 43 *.
.
* A 1 1000 500 E P O O N A N H A 100 50 500 ae o R v M.
vs out of the BIVS lib. 11 x V * I said Seleucus Nicatores after.
1 * "Babylon, twelve years after Alexander's death turn ,.
** head a crown of all Asia fue impofuisse. and from the first CY.
riad beginning of Seleucus demand annosabsolutos 248. It is therefore dhil year.
karnaim, fiuc Alexandreus first Hyperberetaeus, from the well.
Seleucus start. At fi be distinguished from Babylon was taken, why did the Chaldeans break the times of the fua.
From the first Hyperberetaeus Alexandreo do not, but they think that from the fruitful rain? Con.
furgit to start their periods a year old Julian was 44 °;.
11 3 cycle of the moon, with the first Hyperberetaeus Alexandreus onions.
Brit year 4o4 2, the fourteenth cycle. So why is this Chaldeans ?.
Thus, his journey: the Year of the Chaldeans are not politicians, nor vil.
I have not, but there are astronomici as Philadelphia Dionyfiani years ,.
And as the year of our Lord of the heavenly. Of the Year Chaldaici, I say, they are not.
Of the Babylonians, but of those who have the art of Gcnethliacam & Mathefis.
declared that the comforts of epilogifmi moon had risen from here.
fumpfit joy. Nammero lunar year VFI are however not.
vfum business could also be converted into a popular, tametfi vfui fuo.
Only those years, mathematicians invented cssent. In the Syrian.
cipiuntab cmbolimaeo year. The cycle of Babylon at the age embolism.
Syrians have 3 »6, 8, 2, 14, 16, 19. In addition, imagine that you have had the procedure.
Cnemis Dodecaeteridis nameless astrologers, the place of which fuo lib. 2. Ipfi Au.
tem Babylonij eofdem mcnfes they had, whom the Jews, when the Jew.
Rum menfes Babylonij desirable, but the two politicians. AtChaldæorum cy.
clusvtitur menfibus of the Greeks, of Babylon, do not: vthinc άλλω ,.
Xai ax ^ 1000 /% his own rhythm, not to Babylon, do not.
that popular, but had a mathematical way. The gloom to.
Corus, as mentioned in the second volume, Greece years.
I Macabæorum be made, as might think auetorem vfum years.
ASTROLOGICAL, do not Alexandras. But notice. Nor is the bar.
Account of the hearth, or of the civil-year-old he was, as we have said, nor, if it.
it would be, on the one side, therefore it can be distinguished by any assulgere the light of these passages, be full of darkness.
500 author of the first book was throwing the departure time of Antiochus Epiphanes.
In the year of Greece, ex LIX. In the subsequent volume growth together.
V 1 1 1 50 cl year, namely one year or less. Antiochus exccssit c.
live within fèmestre summer, Reet 149 Jews in secret.
died in the year 149 had started from Nifanius, when still only.
148 Alexandreus year run. There is no need, therefore, there was a dicere obi.
148 appearing in Babylon, the Chaldean epilogifmus becomes dear.
nor in one year than Alexandria. In addition, if the Jews Nifanius restitution.
tucrtun§4 3 2. 1 o s e p h 1 1 50 Sc A G E R 1.
menfibus six year flight from Alexandria why a IudæusA.
in a manner not Jewish? Here again Antiochus Eupator arrested.
149 Alexandrco confessing in a Jewish 1 to 5 of which was £.
Batica. But the author of the second book in the year 149 under siege here.
Jerusalem. It is not igiturest the year, a Chaldean, but a mere Alexandreus ,.
as superior passing king. Why haetenus straight and propofitum.
fue suitably fiquidem mixture in Alexandreo wanted to use a.
Tifrum that is, not from the Nifanius going before him. However, Eupator after σκlwoTnyiay.
He made peace with the Jews in Alexandreo 15: fiquidem year.
blockaded 149 vfque to tifrum or Hyperberctæum. But the bishops.
lyfis apparel and Antioch Eupatoris Jews over the league ,.
1 year to 48, not 1 5o. Div. 11, 33. Who Oedipus, this sun B.
whatsoever? And so well of him Auetore have deserved to be, who referred to him by the fufpitione.
vindicauerit error. Now, concerning the fuperioribus in two places and is easy to excufa.
can help in Alexandreo vfum might say the mixture of tifrum not control.
Nifanius should. And it was the Palestinian extraction, not a Jew, nor do they truly.
, A Hebrew man, but of the άς ἐρ άλλωτό Cyrene, or of Egypt; who in many things.
they disagreed in from the Palestine, King, nor has ever been in another way, quamGræce.
In synagogues reading of Hcbraifmi unskilled, wherein ἐλωσαι named.
born. Iafon from the Cyrenian did, was to them, that received the five books of the wars of the Jews.
with the kings of Syria Græcecomplexus; of the which books of short quotations.
The latter are making this volume Macabæorum I will say ,.
Order and dignity from the previous one. In fact, finished the first volume in Hebrew is scric.
ptum was abauétore, excellent work, of whom are all Macabæorum.
Haufius Iofephus history. Would ipfum Hcbraicum exist! Already.
it is a long time when he was killed, when they were astonished at his not even a name among the Jews.
the man who had the history of the Macabæorum mendofissima they do wear. How can.
, therefore, a place, and from the following Chapter. x fuccurratur second volume, no.
I can not fathom out the reason. Neither Babylon nor in a manner neither.
nouisse, indeed, I am quite sure, when, as I have said, it would be a calculator, spoken of in the scriptures at.
a woolen shirt astrologers, not of the party, not of that which Babylonij Fastos the care of sign and seal.
In Nabonassari 500 4, © @ 23, the king of words, A7reA.
Άαίε τ, center, was 24. 5o 'crossbow. year period, Julian.