 For the first time, no one had ever apace.
have been to terminate the running it is the hour, as of days and the night, by means of which the sun.
bidding and Aequin & Tia able to learn because Iobo diet is: It is not.
I tell whether / flaws running $ Olu, Sec. Then fubiicit this mystery.
500 midsummer eiufque knowledge of God delayed for a year Tiberij no.
Art. Then it can be the ninth year of Tiberius Caefare time curfumque.
The moon gathered after finding the IP / a day oótauo day O & Hypsioma.
a aquinoäium, Sec. That prince to be allocated fairly.
uentiam Bifexti, as amended yourfcif Bifextum two Letters March ,.
Cenforino & c o s s.
IIegi 3 x3 'TOV Zaxapiá0 * nuatio UA) John the Baptist.
æquinoétio autumn necessarily considered to be clearly said Chryfosto.
  {{S} $ • mt.
..
758 1 o s e p £ 1 S C A G E R i i 50
mouse, which then begin to give up the night and the day, and under it, A.
John, some must be diminished, as was Christ, those merits are cref.
Ceres. The entire text, which tend to it, of which the part of the beak above the traditional.
Mud, these are: acts of ßnt the first time this year Tiberij.
Ce / arts, menfe $ eptembri, O & O and overwhelm the ancestors of the first and beginning of the Moon.
vndecima, when it was clear that the Jews fast / éemopegiæ celebrare.Tunc.
• After the ninth year Tiberius Ca / Moon were collected at the time of curfumque :.
€ 5 found as ipfas on the eighth day of February odiobrium being here.
noäie, which is the beginning of moäù greater than grove. For lllum Oh.
that it might bear to grow, he said, but I must become less important. Also, Ambrofius in the beginning.
X 11 is not fully telling the difference to repeat the need for conception.
At the end of John than the incremcntis Christ, and dccr p.
John's mind. At these words will Chryfostomus year after year.
the conception of John, was it a year by Tiberius, and do not have a C.Iulii Cæfarea.
and d. So was also O & John the Baptist the years have fallen ill.
Tiberij command. But that on the day of the Kippurim, fine on the tenth tifier.
John Leah conceived, and will have it, and bring some to reason, Zechariah, the father.
John Bishop was smoke and progressive progressive entry.
Rum incenfum Deo done once a year unless they have not won it.
which is the tenth of the tifrum. Jerome, too, to the monk Rusticus.
John the Baptist was the son of the Pope writes. But it was the pie.
be lightly, Ex * A * £ i4Museia it, and when he had finished his native role ,.
He returned to his native country. C.
M'u'5 x% Pœuœj & ς Σείμ £ e /% *) If Christ was born in 55oi ,.
John 55oo the concept, cyclo 2 1 Sunday, Monday 9 productive.
East account reason, in the period Iulianae 4712, cyclosorum.
Us v1 1 1, Moon, XIX, which will coincide with the year 55oo serse Branch.
lis.Proinde XXVII September to Saturday. But here said Thursday.
Then it is false, that year was the tenth of September 27 tifrum, Fed.
fequente year; Oh, and who was the grandfather of the period of the fifth Alexandria cycle.
At first Dionyfiano that year vicefimafeptima Scptembris was a weekday.
and fruitful, and not the fifth day, as he wants to. But Christ was born, is productive.
Dionyf Matt December, and the cycle of the Moon. Among the con.
John's reception and Christmas Day were present to draw from Ps.
assesses. You see absurditatem.Sed Chryfostomus not Matt, but Matt.
Septcmbris tenth tifrum to say, no eleven birthday ,.
which they begin, he said, and the Jews to fast. Therefore, it was the tenth of the XXIII: where they are.
Κalendarium Athens and the Greek decide conceptionemIo.
Hanna. John, however, the same said, was born at the full moon, I mean, Lu.
na fifteenth. If the moon XXIV September Decima, fane XXIV.
Decima was the eighth of June in the moon, it is not quintadccima. .
 T} $ d E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 7 59.
A. To gui $ * $ &% loasse tος) If Matt was the 1 1 September.
ma tifrum », therefore, xx 1 1 1 1 Iune, in birthday of John, in which it is laid down, out of the.
rat xv the Moon, so that gathereth not with Chryfostomus: and the result of this is the Cause.
youngsters birthday, the old lights and a full moon happen, for He is now.
pas was not, as in the Gospel, and generally solstice in his life.
John, "said AAA 1000 2 c. Pagan touches that and.
yet in many areas of law. The words of his: Though he saith to copy and meß *.
frumeutariæ, then it is found to be the world's first $ olfiitium ,.
John is born to, when, on the day which they call the LA 1000 P A 500 E 1000.
Although this is the birthday of John, they have no knowledge.
the description of the end of June in menfis of antiquity there negligendam.In: Lam.
Bpas Ceres symbolizes the ripening wheat. Therefore menfis June to the end.
was depicted with a torch. Notes are Avgkoja), who watch and day.
John's birthday today, they should reflect the nations. My.
Aquitaine Latin word somewhat detorto C A T A's, that is, the torch p.
n call lamps, also called time Chryfostomi.
Africa, from the time of the year is still standing upon the same, and these plates are a Muhammedano.
cendunt, a custom Christians have left tcstim Joan. Lion.
in sua Africa. However eiufmodi lampadas 7rvgxaids prevents the canon.
50 x V with a shovel. τές άν τεύς τεμωσις ύzo 'τύων τςὸ ἀoixeiayäpyctcn.
Eloy h οίκων αὐαῖομ $ ίας Ἀvgxaiâs, dς έ άτεgdλλεσαιτιες κατα τί »gxoüoy.
a hai ^ ngöav, xaí rapó10 3, Sec.