
Pesaro with the pole of the world, it is the Star of the fine, fine another place you.
distance from the nearest star is necessary. In fact, to prove that all of a star is made.
pole of the world, if the authenticity of fishes at bringing pof.
the smoke, which is to be moved will not judge it. This is not the same with a star does not.
the pole of the world is made, there is no reason at all to be brought, a little more tolerable than po.
test. Animaduerfis these considerations, then, is evident æquinoótialia with nails to be moved ,.
and therefore the rings to those, described with the poles of their ef is & confequenter.
be unstable, and since stcllam step closer to doing the λά.
%% aiy the ecliptic, and the largest decline today, there is, as I conquered.
To him it is the stars of the 33 ^ chior »ai; ecliptic, necessary for today's 33 ^ »ol; Ion Sunday.
ge will be smaller than previously thought. Near of kin to him, to what it is λέωσις ecliptic.
the star will be less than declination of the sun, which Ptolemœi times ,.
to fçculum, decided for the first minute 2 '' almost, and always on.
large, long pole to pole parallel to belong where.
'Maximum period of contact is necessary above. Because the fact is certain pun.
Pole and then the world of yesterday, nor what time it would most likely accordingly.
And a significant period will take him out. Nor are we out =.
uttering a star in the tail Cynofuræ be a real pole ,.
nor, if agreed upon, then it is true that the year Xaoxo 'αεως%.
assequcremur. The best. Max. This is eternal Providence and mother, and.
1) αύχνάτω yielding catches, and curiofitati Expand all human.
whereas præclufit way. For that which is always a pole of Æquinoétialis cir.
ever pole is progressing this. vtiquc experience and on.
feruatio long time he teaches every day. After an.
Likewise both parties reached an agreement on pole, which then change with.
fecutura pass, this is, however, take no account of the human, there is no science to stumble, pluck.
really possible. But in respect to the subject, there is return address ,.
Versatile and vidcrct stars from the equator to the limit..
. v. } circuit 286 1 1 1 e p h o s s c a i G E R 50 1.
of the circle of another, it has happened to obtain from Him, which he had observed the Timocharis, A.
Ptolemy, the men other things, from that power which Hipparchus had determinauerat ,.
dae ^ dvj a Sphere of the descendants of both of them eofque fequuti For this reason, it does not.
æquinoétialem ring, moving at all. This is just ,.
if any, and the Spirit puts moucri fubtemen shall say that he 's not. However cumSol before.
æquinoétialia points tropical and designate them as goals from that.
the bus journey, there happens to be 5 so there any new movement of the piece.
had formed the oétauae fphaeram, from the east towards the west, in addition to the ordinary.
salad, which is the first Hipparchi fufpicio posterity has been sold.
ueratio. There are devising new movement, so that the sun.
priusSolstitia is to draw up, more than a place, from where it had started in the, in contact with.
Gat, like the sun nor the moon celeriusculc conucniat after x 1 x B.
years, how to reach the place from whence the sun or departure.
He made tea. But if any μάσις to O & Taua fphaeram into or out of the West.
as well as, as they will to do fequeretur, head and say that the stars long ago stringebant the horizon.
Likewise some of angled, 5 & noncomparerent appear on the.
nc horizon, and, indeed, had previously been stringebant. Dcnique points cont.
And frankincense and κυκλε da®âvêgâ, that is the Arctic circle, vary. The Bi.
diculum it. The points of contact rings Ar & tici are ho.
In Rome, the inclination and Hellefponti that time. When you say.
a circle arcticus, I do not understand him fabulofis & sham.
Ioannis SACROBOSCO and modern, but the old ring N.
And I mean nearly as useful as $ ερεύω γ αΖαὰ d! ^ 4 vsgô, when C.
right pole to pole, not æquinoétialis, the definition of conta.
And burn the horizon, which could happen haetenus as one Jos.
lelum æquinoótiali. And when I came out of the lowest the antiquity in the light of day.
The withdrawal, pædagogulis beaten and nearly like Euripides, a ca.
mifer meat pieces fum. τω ασπίω his movements O & Taua fphaeram.
was invented by the movement of the people gladly received no less ridiculous to be that of trepidation :.
For comparison Timocharidis, versatile Ptolemœi and Muhammas.
Albateni push Araétenfis observations of stars fixg now quickly ,.
now slowly forward, however feruata same distance now, too.
confistere see, and if you please, and return to that planet.
solcnt. This goes much later confirmed by observations, DC
that they animaduerfum æquinoétia is now faster, now.
slowly compounded. But there is one advantage of Xao $ anxw%, fublato father.
the movement of octauæ fphaeram of these wonders? Fustuleris it, and this.
is also one of the works of the peremeris. Speed, slowing down, BP / yμό ,.
x ajazo \ oh no super shallow æquinoétiorum as the anvil.
out, molded. Slower, they say, summers and Aequin.
And the third, from Aristarchus of Samos, the Hipparchum by the co Ptolemy.
  Maeuius ;.
WDE 1000 e r e n b a. W P O R T H V 1000 Li b. 4. 38 ,.
Amaeus 5 as a Ptolemy to Muhammcdem Albatenius. However, in a.
mabo, let us discuss it conveys eiufque case delve.
For if there is no inequality is, to clash, as he would have it, it does not at once ,.
