 J & Arabic means AJ% $% oy, three times.
The Lord, porreétionem. But in both languages ​​and Wathri means.
Vigil, fine gods $ puoy.u) day course, which is usually a front D.
yields, or rather night, the approaching holiday looms, and so to speak.
be graces τί άορτη ἐπιφακά. At this fenfum obtained from Mu.
Hammed on Surath Weelphagri. It is there that a column of smoke, agri £ rgocogiis §.
IIa% α Ayag'uê: on behalf of the vigil of Easter of the Saracens, flue Muham.
Medan. So τςοεόςτιον% 44gj the night that fcquitur x 3 a day.
Nifanius Dionyfiani. So fast from the beginning of salvation vicefimum feptimi no.
& Tc Dionyfianae Moon, the Moon lies menfi Nahafe. This is.
priscusy.
\.
e.
% ;.
ID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. O ;.
Aprisco will Ecclefiæ as persistent advance festivals and holidays.
Others. .
The border • 2 / and) this calendar is open. Matque it.
up above the XT mascara, not down below 1 x 2 Tikmith.
IE 1 1 V N V 1000 Jews) Jewish fast of the tenth tifrum, au.
sterissimo fast, not only Jews, but also from Ethiopia shackle.
xa. The Jews from Ethiopia or in many ISD ai3oi either.
For aχγέλισμόν & Zaχλge, Jews fast Hifpan.
ginkipul call lo de los verdict. For Cinkipul, corruptumex niajoix ,.
Tzom Kippur. Canon will hang from this premise. For ff.
citimus matque to fifteen mascara: the pole on the fast Judas.
Bcum that xx 4 mascara. If matque removed again.
Matt Tikmith, then it will be removed as fast Jews xx11.
Tikmith. .
Int r o 1 Tvs fasting) For this we need an interpreter. Pole.
Phafe the twenty Magabith: Matt eiufdem pole phase. A sedan.
V play back 50 days, how fast they agreed Aethiopicus. Peru.
ies to the moon Iachathith. Neo citimus the entrance of fasting.
Iachathith memo. Remote Easter thirty Miazu. Lev back ,.
In the remodeling definunt v Magabith. Now the rest of all the hang of this.
demonstration. .
Com p v t v 1000 Repentance) hope for Æthiopifmo said.
• G E N A. ¥ Also ùfìnf: CCL ;: jnaxo xjjv% μζνοίας this time Le.
The purposes and are drawn from the Gospel, which deal with the message.
John the Baptist. Heralding the entrance of fasting, penance.
The arrival of: that fasting is not a minor to self-control, and the Quadragefi.
ipfas graded observe. For áng944y8ai /; and that in it.
El 1 A s) Elia and fast monobiblon left Ambrof. E
Ethiopians celebrate the rights of fasting, Matt, tell menfis c H A.
p A Reason If the XXVI c F AR, which celcbratur there, the weekday.
Hi, flue 3 to add xin: Thachschasch arrive in the afternoon, she will.
The first day of Gena, flue arrival of Dominic. Therefore have concern for all other cases. It is not.
needs no prompting. .
500 A1A / ^ pulled) Menfo nomenclature, which in an earlier edition die.
rat, now shining a torch in the darkness of this computialluxit.Nam.
rofe diuinandi it formerly was, & c, & mascaras, and the Tikmith on behalf of the Father.
íchalibus menfibus undertaken. For what is more he was able to make it otherwise.
mo wandering in the streets, no one of the finger, where he fixed his attention ?.
But if another Marrucinos as many hocfæculum and took a.
I try every day, menfes them before we get off that a.
tie had had an argument with a new publishing and for us.
\ Nnn 4, infultan7 O4 S e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
.
infùltandum, that the Oedipus into might not be. For a manner differently from A.
gether these ends? But, even those of our menfes have achieved it diuinassent ,.
We have proofs that many conic tower. She is now one flat.
are the same for deprehenfa. Before that, however, is hardly comprehensible to those to be pierced through.
it seemed. Know, honestly recited menfem third a face.
a portion of Ethiopia, who sent them to me, it was written as a fertile soil.
AIN version is entirely 3W and fourth class, but 35 C is read history.
has been moistened by the Italians at length carried by a letter to this businessman, who instructed me to those men.
the festival of the city of Cairo to Marseilles, he sent forth. So in book pro- V.2.:.
to be read 452: Hadad, you may be clearly the letter of a man has made in Italian. This.
And she had a new book to us if another Midas oboluisset.
Various incarnation) Ethiopia wear Compute years, p.
who is close to estChristianis them from the east, whom they call the account.
the case of Adam. Is from the beginning of the Christmas determines whether.
We 5oi 5 or 5 5oo, for example, branded equal to Ethiopia at the end of the New You.
{However. This account is used by some Greeks, in which.
Landulphus Sagax that chronicle the care from the Greek word for exprefs.
becomes. Also, yourfcif Landulphus, and the Greek and Ethiopia irí the surprisingly hal.
lucinantur. Because this computer is smaller than the count of Easter.
Constantinopolitano seven years, for many years by Christ Dionyf.
us seven years to less certain. For the year 500 C IX, praise.
Greece, 6117, Ileraclius control pact. Landulfus whether he says.
no 500 cii, of course, less than the seven, rather than a true Account monkDemophilus, C.
in winter. This year is supposed to Christ in 1577, the year Dionyfiano.
1 584, that is, from the new moon Thoth flue mascara, which starts next year.
1584 Dionyfiano Christ, Matthew days. By far, however, be seen in the.
