Before that happens in Confulatum c N. 500 O MITI Ahehobarbi and.
L. Vitellÿ that obiitin office and the homen This is Deraf ,.
2 to 3 year period match Dionyfiano Christ, which fecutus it.
Passion year. The year was a period of Julian 47453.
Κk dg386 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R 50 1
which deducted 3 O 7 solid years, there remains a prime InteramA year.
4o42 to bear founded in the period Juliana, in the Iphias 1 O4, vl.
concentrated namely 2 6 Olympiad. Apocha again to Coll & TI cuiuf.
Some Rauennatis it is Imp. The Iufiimiano A. P. Aug.
eaenno tricentgfimo oótauo Rau. (P. C. Bafilij, amNo vicefimo third.
Ides of July. IMD. The twelfth Raii. The year of Christ 564. ER.
Go Colon derive from Ravenna 56. There is moreover a five year low.
ftand Puteolanum to burn in a colonia x C, P Ru.
becoming, On. After the c o s s. From the c o s s. the Colony Pooh.
teolis derive A. A. t. c. 500 LX, also agreed with pining for lib.
xxxiiii. Since therefore, derive from the colonies and native Mu.
nicipiis, and the year fingulis the nations of Italy were beyond question; shame B.
Rome had its origin was unknown haetenus as Enniua from personal.
mis Sarguit Palil to sua times feptingentos year applied ,.
when in fact they have not yet attained fèxcentefimum was reached. Indeed.
So sang •.
$ Eptingentt / or a little more or less of mind ,.
 & 4ugusto omen had been founded after Romast.
JPrimum of all the citizens he was sent M. Porcius Cato was ashamed of you did not know.
tion of the thing their sakes which s & fupinitatis of the Romans. This is constituted of Cenforiis Tabu.
Consult created controversy drew the first and Regifugij ;.
Z 44 and then back numbered years, the part which the government.
the seven kings, arrives at the beginning of the City. The tables are CenforiisC.
Before last year found that the city captured by the French, closed the jury.
mæ äetur L. Valerio Potito, t. Mallio Capitol c o s s. After the year.
exaete rule centefimo vndeuicefimo d% Jigg agórsg9 £ r * d ^ 4.
WA AOS two eixo5 $ £ x} * (374) that talks Dionyfius, like the year of ca.
ptæ the City of Brenne centefimus VICEF first comes out shooting. Haecac.
in the very beginning of the City of Cato, was a great help for the keeping of the deadly wound.
daganda, fiquidem cófistabat intcruallo out by the government.
For how and yourfcif and Varro, who then carefully through this.
is weighing two cups, the time when explorauerint, no one in the letters, and brought again: that.
, however, remind me of the interest of a higher price, is made with the more ancient practice, rather than time.
Taricheae of Rome followed the nearer, they had to the remembrance of LEES OF WINE Catoniani. Then D.
take for granted, or it certain that, from the spectacled finch of the city, to the first.
Consult, a stream of years, so that Cato had, C CX 50 1 1 1, for example.
Varro, however, one more. But that changed for the first year.
Rum from the Cenforiis Confuli very strongly on the Tables shown, than he who.
In the year fell Iphias 167 running side fequitur, fecun.
While Cato's founding in Iphias z 4, two menfibus.
Before starting 25, but plenty of Varro, as we said, annovno.
* Less.
1 |.
!.
».

!.
WDE 1000 e r e n b a. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li b. V. 38 ,.
A less. Therefore it Palil Varrofìiana meet the 33 year Iphias that.
The third year of the sixth Olympiad. Faétiones here in a quasi two things.
depart with him, the other and of Pales fint of Cato, and the other Varroniana. In FA.
stisCapitolinis, Confulatus C. Claudij calmly and Marcus pining for the brand.
11 ns, compared to inannumVrbis DXLV. Consult the immediate.
meantecedebant Claudius Marcellus, V, T & right Qujn Örifpi.
nus, of the laws, a magistrate in the year of the City dxlvi, according to what she faxa.
Capitolina, but those nominated cos s. the Olympic Games were celebrated.
Then, quamncmo claims to Olympia ex LIU. annóperiodi.
Iulianae 45o6. Palilia that their co s.incidunt's in the fourth year.
, As well as moisture Olympiad, that is, in the year 568. It Iphias Rome.
Bcondita year Iphias z 4, suggestive calendars were. And accordingly.
Palilia Fastis Capitolinis are Cato. Again nominated in writing.
bit, the consul days after his journey to war Confuli L. cornca.
the son of Scipio, the brother of Africanus, whilst the Games of Apollo were being, from the. d. v. Eid. Quinlil.
have been obscured by the light of heaven, fereno during the day, when the Moon FuB the world.
Sunday fubiisset. This has happened cclipfis prdculdubio Non. Eid. Apr.
giving Giuliano, in the period Iulianae 4524, the cycle of the moon fecun.
d6. At Fasti Capitol Confuli Lucius Asiatic and C.Lae.
Hum. In the year of the City 500 Lxiii CF Ncpotem compare it to. Therefore City.
Iulianae periods founded in 3961, for example supra, that is 24 Iphis. However.
It remains an unsolved problem. For pifo ConfulatumScipionis Afiaticae and Laelijcon.
In the year of the City that accept casts. Consult an interval of 33. At the Caf.
Tfiodoro, & fast Onufrianis 32 only. Why did a pair Cow.
fulum essugisset here. However, false above. For fasti Capitolinicompa.
in order to the two provinces in the year of the City Dxcvm Confuli, but not the DXC.
Yi, for example pifo and the fequutus Onufrius. Capitolihos calendar fequi.
 be SOLINUS cap. ongoing. It states that Pompey C. Gallo, Q Ve.
Rannie c o s s. in the City d c c c, c Olympia cvh Aetis Pu.
