
χafia fed xae * awöge so that you have above the Syromacedonum in the period.
ESTEN same period Syromacedonica, Chaldaiöa and Jewish as well as gods.
described before: there are Aeeia fiuipa to which are added thereto, so that it may be known interval of time, which it is.
ancomcniaTifii at twelve o, n £ planted // 6 / wit, Tekupham, namely to 7.
October is eratprincipium period of Seleucid, fiueSyroma.
more securely than embolimaeo. But the difference vtraquc year there are three.
Moreover, differentiae.Namannus, fiuecommunis takes place, fine embolimæus ,.
or the ordinary soldier is to be, or is being multiplied, or defeétiuus. Regular communication.
3 54 days of the end, embolimæus 384.Abundans & def & tiuusvocantur ,.
proutvnus dics acceffit, or deceffit. Seats are $ agiaao; He is radiation.
In Caflevv. Namco Caflevw full of ordinarily takes place, be chosen is made.
cauus and local ago and ircos, in Marchefvvan, which is arranged cauus ,.
500 out of order. The difference of these are the cha cha are born out of fuperstitione.
raéterifmorum tifrum & Nifanius. For charaéterifmus tifrum they never had.
it can effect either on the first or fourth or fexta. Charaéterifmus Ni.
Fan can never be effe day of the week and fruitful, and velocity; the fourth, nor fexta. Hence.
so much, indeed, that these charaéterifmos be entitled to neomcniae is gathered.
Tifie holidays, 2, 3, 5,7: Moons Nifanius, 1, 3,5,7. We gather here again.
When the charaeter tifrum on Thursday, in general ever year.
sffe dcscétiuum never Embolimæum normal. When is the series.
tcrtia1o 6 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 G 1.
the third the velocity; the common, neither Embolimæus A rare thing is negative, A.
nequecommunis never abundant. When the week is the prolific mm.
it is the common, or embolimæus than the ordinary, vtneque with the fair.
The feptimi. Otherwise Nifanincurreret inferior, 2, 4, 6. This pcriodus.
which propofuimus, when we spoke to Deanna Syromaccdonico, it is not.
Only profitable than years of Jewish observed, but also without her husband.
I can not detect them. In this the Jews vfque to the temporaCon.
see that the times of Constantine the Great, & vñ are below, with the soon the Moon for two days.
anteuertiffet old epoch. And this epochen call.
the era of yours or Ningyo Exp. Now is the time, as his faith PC.
riclitemur. The first of the tranflatione charaéterifmi tifrum that.
Rabbis say that some of the effects are projected to Thalmuldis publication B.
Some of our friends and meet persuaded, at vtrofque system runs.
In ancient times and under Seleucidis vfurpatum. In paffions at home.
sion of the Sabbath falls on the new moon of the Nifanius: with one of his disciples, are highly prized.
And three from today epilogifmo is 5. 19. 95 Wednesday fexta. But this demon.
strandum is of the faith of our periods of the Seleucids. The year was not true.
And your flue Alexandreus 344 Consequently, the quadragefimus annuspe.
Rio quinte.Tifri z 4 September on Wednesday, things have changed in the fifth.
I make for the common feptimum of a new moon in the year, the ordinary gives the Nifanius.
7 O neomeniaNifan was published again in Christ Κal. April, according to.
Iofephus. In fact, on the fourteenth Nifànconueniebat with the fourteenth to.
menfis Julian. He was the sixth year of the first period contraets, TifriC.
6 September. Wednesday, July 2 Sunday cycle 2. Therefore, the change in the fifth.
When charm & erifmo holidays Nifanius compofitain year Embolimæo occur.
& Tiuo give Nifanius the first day of the new moon Kai. In April cycles.
Sunday 2 3. In either example of political tranflatio holidays. Yes.
to find the new moons, and her, never results from today's epilogifmo poffis.
For example, suppose Jews of today, there was a new moon Nifanius charaéterifmus.
6. 9. 4o9, Saturday last March. Where epilogifmo if we had been VFI them.
before time was, on the new moon Nifanius, as you see, feptimum fuiffètin day of the week, it is not, v t.
Iofephus really writes the first day. However, this credit excellentiffi.
Book XI fortify our periods of several arguments. Iofephus writes before.
initiábelli language, that is, the year of Christ more than the usual 67 mi D.
mis many signs vifa, each of which tells an inspired some wonderful ;.
They are very scarred Although this method accidiffe, quotempore phase, that is ,.
quartadecimaNifan, April 8, when appropriate. This is not, could he, and.
ing, the cycle of the moon effect nificum 9, year 65, had been unfair.
ness of the Jewish War. The extraordinary intelligence Iofephus conference. Was year.
and against your 376 & confequenter 7 2 stages. Tifrum Kai. Seven.
October, on a Saturday, Sunday 17. Why the new moon cycle Nifanius em a year.
"Bolimgo.
(500 N 500 E em e r. T e p o 1000 1000 51 B 2 R v. 16;.
£.
Abolimæo, feriatertia, March XXVI. j & m AG) d% μα VIII Apri.
• litigation or fifteenth Julian, for example propofitum with Iofephus. This.
£.
epilogifmo agreed hodierno.Namchara and three native Nifanius 2 21.7 2; .
On Tuesday, as has already been said, in the vernacular of the Jewish 5. Video 382 ,.
, with what degree it becomes the faith of the method. However, no thanks, save further strengthened.
ongoing. Iofephus the same Marcus Tullius Cicero, C. Antonio c o s s.
• τῆ having captured by Pompey fuiffe & myelg, that is xvil Tha.
Muz. Dion explained to this day, it cafum said Saturday fuiffe.
It is a sabbath to the Jewish manner of the nations, it is customary, nor any even calls for :.
but adeoSabbatum fuiffe says, as here difputandi occafionem wheedle.
pct, the names of the days of an inward law, why a planctus fint. Iofephus the time.