
le, how pleasant it would be cenfuimus. .
ISACIID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 327.
G A R Y R ^ is a 1 1 100 1 500 E 1000 N 500 E A T 1 O N E.
C Y N A S 100 50 1 100 50 1 H A S ;.
His readings are texts from the audit also to the Greek, after all.
Paßhale beam ,.
To show cause why Canon was brought to Easter mendofe :.
And whether we originally published or not, again, with this.
comes to us in due time the phase and the time.
exaóta rule fails. But the merriment of the things that we have said, there is no other caufa is to say, because of fear.
E t this is fate. As for those most in need ,.
TYPE than the moon at the same place and with ten or nine.
he was received up from us, we are not exactly in the return of the Romans, j ust as.
During the course of the season with another show in conuerfione ,.
what happens in the Egyptian twenty five per year, and it was marvelous.
Ptolemee, the it is in the work of construction vfus, sacta vtriufque again the captivity of.
Fiona to each comparison. Now the fic. Decemno.
uennali Monday conuerfione quadrupled, which was square.
ennium pipe, and the year of the release by the accession of the Roman reality.
establish. There are, also, of the year of the Roman LXX v 1. Triplaris the same.
Aegy only twenty five years old.
Magick purification. And a year Lxxv. The year of. Roman years |.
These 50 x 100 x v gyptiaco years the demand of PM 33, a $.
Anteucnit minutes and restoration of the moon gods Day 5. 277 27 37 59.
uIm1S fexagenariis 8. 21. "Because of * *; £.
Lxxri year Roman Lxxv years Aegy '' '384.
Magick fuperat c c eighty days ,.
appofitum agreed with that reasoning, if their share of attention also gods.
conuerfione a demand from the ballot Monday, 8 seconds. 21 ", and the divorce.
384. 8. 2 days 1 ", has led menfium thirteen Lunarium.
Day Appendice 383, 53, 52 ', a demand brow Moon will be restored.
ment was true, the four orbs of the Romans, which decemnouennalcs anteuene.
In all 14 minutes. 29 ". This is, the smaller the portion of the day.
500 drante. But in the meantime be nearly a quarter. In the four decades that the fep.
seventy six years old, that is four hundred years, the Romans ,.
which therefore go through ten years of restoration is done, nonad exactly fuperat.
examining one of the most famed and solid surface. The Dorian is easy to be caught po.
test, Canon failures today, two days after the full moon phase.
Jewish twice before the age of four hundred Roman construétum.
rumors. But if the Paschal full moon day exaétissimum display.
oppofition wasting time, we could get an accurate study.
E e t 2 quot3 28 's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.

How many years has been an e Canon compofito. In the meantime, however, as I A.
How many years after the act was a bitter, two full days, which descif.
so by the test confummandae desirable Moon, Jewish.
praefens cycle appofiti the tenth day of April has been written.
bet, may be considered resolved. Be always the case, however, because of the non ac.
cured as it is, conuerfione phases, the Canon.
semen degenerated into oétauam April after three hours æquinoótiales.
from the east, the same day it happened. Since, however, the three hours of the right to them.
noétiales mounts are part of day-time and night-fi years.
... c c 1 1 1 1 Romano, in which the entire night and day criterion.
& TA conuerfio not exactly offered in x 1 x years, anticipates O & TA.
A nd part of the assumpferimus, that is, the years of the Romans, xxxviii: ha B.
bebimus.post many years of bitter integrated two days of the company.
mine failing. After that conuerfione, again, is different.
minutes will begin to anticipate a demand of restitution is, not a demand of the day. After.
Now thirty eight years ago by the year 6919. After that it will be bitter history.
maduerfis trust or pcccat years, and each day that.
we facrofanétum we celebrate the Passover, or any other Christian for sinning, from the.
"Has man. It will be evident, however, if only to one day, menfis the Passover.
one of us should be exacted, to celebrate the Lord's day there would be another & nonopus ,.
each sin years in this way as the Jewish Passover ,.
And even two days, as the former. However, because it is at home.
nica is celebrated on that day, therefore they have not always pcccat. But fubtilius resco.
we have greater strength: For every time of the Jewish Passover, which is the dayly and of the day menfis.
fubieétum is, it may happen Sunday or day of the week a fruitful one, or the third day ,.
or the fourth, or the fifth day, the Passover, he does not sin, then one of us, with the fe.
Sunday is celebrated the return. But when the day of the week fextus, or of the Sabbath ,.
then it will be too much as far as the recto, degenerated or. For the incident.
In the sixth condition "with deberemusproxime fequente Sunday Paf.
Cha celebrate it on Sunday, after which it fequitur, Tranf.
Cendre, since it is the Passover of the Jews, that they are in the Canon of the are at hand.
by insomnia, a couple of days, away from us, it has been demonstrated, the Passover by the Jews ce.
lebrari usual unnecessary. In the place of the Sabbath, too, the same holds true.
on account of the same cause. When, indeed, we should, because of the tie on the next day D.
Sunday celebrate Easter in it, after which it fcquitur, tran.
We happened. He at one time did it in this case they go wrong, on account of the caufe ,.
in which I wrote, not what they demand of restitution of the moon, of. There is also another cafus ,.
