 This.
femicirculus the time of the incident last menfe Rethmonath vfque ad.
menfemHalegmonath. We are amazed that people conduct Vietri.
cem & the lady, the form of the time of the vfque IulijCae ineptiffima of the year.
fans vfam5eam But the person that the Romans videbaturbarbara, it is not fòluman.
numLunæad the rule of nature, the ocean, I say to, direxiffe, but also of the year.
Tenuiffe running Solaris? QuomodoenimCapricorni starts, and twenty no.
Likewise November and both the company and will notaffent, save a fourth day, 365 days.
Sunday appofitum? For the fact that from the beginning of autumn, sciebantarcum.
at the beginning of the beginning of Libra Aries, femiffian answer.
if the moon, so at Babylon in the year before. Why do you not all wise.
ness among the Babylonians and the east. Even Western or seven.
Trio's men were λοχα ζα. The Ancient manuscripts Bede.
menfium appeals are lightly altered leguntur.Solmonath, hreder.
monath, Esturmonath, Drimilchi, Lida, Lida, Vcodmonath ,.
Hälegmönath, Vintirfillit, Blotmonath, Giulia. Peruani, whose relics lie.
The chief city in the Yucatan, he used the menfibus Lunaribus, of whom I meane to contend with.
Solaribus taken together, give, to the twelve balls are in, or columns in the temple, il.
Son of the city decided, in which ftatues there were days when he converted to Sunday.
Fiona betokened, they could not be ignorant of which has been rich in tempo.
m, which MEFF, which stooping plowman. It's called pellets, for example.
c an c A. The beginning of the year, established at the winter solstice in December, of which the institutions.
Inga safe growth together certain man, who was from the Pachacuto Carc cognomcn, that.
is to be, the Reformer of the times. \.
-.
1000 E N S E s. P E R N A 5 A 5 M.
1 | R A Y 1000 E. Tevet Jewish.
A 2 1 100 1000 a Y. Schebat.
3]. . . . . may be.
4 | • • • • • * NJ / AM.
5 | 1jar • • • • • •.
6 [T H A N C v v v z Q 1 1000 O N A L A Y | Jvvv4m.
7 | A v A c c v y z Q v 1 1 1 N T R A Y 1000 1. [of Tamuz.
8 | H v C H A A A A A 5 Q_V i 'le4b.
9] Y A N A Q_V 1 s. Elul.
1 O | 100 o R A Y 1000 E. TIFF.
1 1 | H o 1000 y 1000, 1 P A R A V N C H A 1 O's force. | "Ararchefvvan.
1 2 | A A A A A Y 1000 of.
P o s e p h Ibe VE17 2 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
500 E 5 E T E R R O 50 50 5 1000 5 1000 GA, Ann O. A.
 w.
The Gauls, in the ratio of the times T E R E s E nondiim, fednoétespu.
5, tare, they used to, so as to grovel before the day of fequeretur of radiation, he says,.
Cæfar. Not surprising. One of two things is merely the moon, of the year ,.
He was, like Saxon and Germania. But, to the Saxons of the year Lunarca.
the rule recalled embolifmis and phase dccemnouen.
nal. Embolifmis the end of the year, however, were the Gauls, & merely the Arabic language ,.
and thirty years, of which the tartar of wine such as table Lunaribus come to an end. No.
For a period of thirty years computed orbit, except with 'em.
Bolifmi the reason is not had, so that with the Muhammedanos. For if the Father.
About forty years of tartar, and in those thirty years intercalare, the B.
period will consist of enneadecaeteride & hendecaeteride. But the former.
or Monday, or just alone bring poffunt period. Therefore FAE.
French MCRA was swept τεσικούαετη € ¢ Arabic. Pliny sixteen pounds.
the sticky asked before everything / entrails, she brings an primcipia menfium.
and characters to make and $ eculi after tricefimo year. But the gods.
were accustomed to them ncomenias start a new cit a fexta the moon, it is not verifimile is, but one.
fexta to the moon aufpicari works as Sinæ today, and once Laconi.
And a full-Germain. · * .W.
500 E 5 E N T E R N A 1 C.
 . From 1000 R O N A 5 M. C.
NNvM old Romans and the coordination of Juliana.
Numa had instituted fuiffe, almost all the old Romans are persuaded.
they had, in reality, that the reign of Numa, all the rites and to the other eiufmodi.
are wont to bear. Marcus quoqueVarro and alijaninum before ordination Pont.
Pilian principles not only grants fuiffe fed Romulus and ipfas jury.
MA salt prodidcrunt. Cauff proposed fufpicion mother, why.
fuiffe grants to believe that it was namely Martiusantiquitus.
seeks first, which no one will ever doubt the tenth of abillo.
The November. , who was called the Cumaean prophecy with the number and order, just as is done, no one '.
, however, was afterwards received by the number of cognominetur: since that time sequi, there is no men D.
After fern December fuiffe. Plutarch also this fufpicion II.
Sap cauff fuiffe writes these words:% d% and 33 rapígm udiy oiaç E AA.
χάν, ως & d% d% XO, undiy, dXXi d'EKO oOv £ 7 ^% 29uae ol τότε Pauóìo, Rov Evi.
owrów. However, this futile and worthless his childhood conie and opted for the first time.
system. Because if there fequitur, no menfem Post December. fuiffe ,.
Because nobody is marked by the December number, and fcquitur.
March, April, May and June were not previously fuiffe for Jan.
   . than He, it is not.
That E 1000 N 500 E r. We w P O R V 1000 Li b. 2. I73.
V.
 \ • •.
A decision is not the first of April, fecund, third, May, June.
quartile. Then best and vetustiffimi writers window and Li.
cinius MACER this position as an antiquity aduerfàntem confutes.
surprised. They contend, as soon as the old, for a year, of the Romans, from wrong.
1 x 1 ratio menfium fuiffe and requested from the Latin, in which four.
menfibus, iifdcm appeals situ and in the same year before Vr.
BEM has been stored in the vfu, and the last time vfque Reip.Rom.
suffer. If there is anything out of the old confuetudine to ask for this opinion, for fa.
