
'4669. 39o5 in the world, AEGON 1 x. Blow Zygon z.
z 3. 56, September twenty years i Jewish 37 16, The tricefimo.
• Beth moon. In fact, fruitful in January in the and He began to an end in the Schebat ,.
the charaétet, 7. I. 94o. 39 in the fourth period for Alexandria ,.
, which was negative embolimæus, vicefimum the ninth Thebcth, tranf.
• "Succeeding lationeD E N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. V BV 1000 51 439.
! Alatione moon tifrum from the first week to the second carried out. or.
No 57 Calippicæ fourth period, IIoaeid abj6 T £ vTdveiag J. year.
quadragefimofeptimo-tenth of the period of the Olympics, a% ga right and RM.
t origg. In the ninth stages attic, IIoaeid \\ @ râuîn 49iyoy%. Is.
No period Iulianae 4667, Kalen. January in the whiteness of the old X 1 1 1 1.
Octobris Julian. Kalends Merkedonij x 11 November. January.
December Februarijs v Julian. On October, thirty Au.
gusts. In the November Roman Dcfiuit in XXVII September.
Lian. Then Cæfar intercalauit sixty days 1, which fecun the elderly.
Give December Julian. On the Kalends of December, the Romans in the third.
cembris Julian. And so, 29, that is, on the last of December in the Romani con.
Bcurrebat tricefimo with the first and last December Julian. And.
it was the year of confusion 444 days, starting from the fourteenth of October.
Julian Iulianae period of the year 4667, and the last defincns December.
, That year is, however, of Julian of the year 4668. He began to confusion, in which the loser.
the time of C. Cæfar colleague of Gnaeus. Pompey Cn. F. the war in Hifpania that he carried.
At Rome, he was, indeed, an intercalation, as we have seen: but only in the provinces of the Ro.
Manius, is not intercalarunt. In fact, the author of Here endeth the out of the battle Hifp.
in the Platonic way, Latinier, yet professing more eloquence than (assentinur For it is not those who are.
auetorem a barbarian who they call, when it comes to pure gold at the telling of the writer, but.
unformed) is say, let's say, the night, which was the day before Cæ.
Far Ventifponte attempt the capture of the town, the force of the moon about the fexta ;.
Cfàm be. Because it yearns fingulos day in what is done is done ,.
recenfentur order a 11 Id. March detached from it dimumeratione clear.
it was 3 Kai. March quarter. There was a 38 year period from Alexandria ?.
Cafleu XT end in November. As the moon rises around midnight.
the night, it is necessary, so that it becomes the fertile vicefimum, or vicefimum o'clock in the morning, it is true.
Rum 1 v 1, or VIII of December, Julian. And so, fi the Kalends of the year Rom.
12 11 Octobris from the manifest to the whiteness, and not an intercalation takes place, the Kalends.
February combined with twelve Nouembris.Ideo 3 Kalcnd. Apr.
VIII widely December, Moon vicefimum fruitful as he was propofitum.
It is not, therefore, an intercalation was. And Fane officials who rcgebant instead.
by the disease, the same as the days of the civil wars vtebantur, ac fi in that year, which prompted you to.
500 attended the district began it was not. , Which comes out in many places.
Cicero to Atticus perfpicue clear that when you wear the Cicerofe.
Q. Cicero had given to liberal forces, and fi intercalation does not take place.
For it is not to celebrate the intercalations did not speak again, except he first in Rome, ce.
lebrate share. From these considerations we see, comes to as much as disjointed, the old bishop.
celebrated in the time of Julian the fault of intercalation of the year ,. cha cha, or a stranger,
or fuo they have been omitted: is now in many years before the correétionem Juliana.
lot. For 12 years, 2 years antccditioncm Julian Luna failed ,.
O o o s e p h 4. night * 44e 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
and no you, which is passed on, on September Rome, L. A. Aimilios
Shortly C. Licinius Crassus c o s s. the lack of agreement lays the.
The Rev. fecutus June, Giuliano, in the period of 4546. If the Iulianae.
xx 1 June, September 3 Julian agrees with the Romans and again.
defunt 116 days a year there be Roman, a Roman of the year.
ends on October 1 X 1 1 1 Julian: How about the year confufio.
Min. There is no doubt, however, that the Roman Kalends January in the first.
2 by the force of the house of thereby, or Ix January, which was a historical epoch xêyga Xe.
μεωâ Athens. 118 days short of the earliest epoch of the year.
confusion. Nor do I doubt, but that the old Atticus, a Roman? κάτ: ον χειμέe ,.
vὸν vocarier viov â € ¢, which could begin only calculated years old.
side. And as for the Roman winter solstice, and so called them. Cenforinus, account B.
the children of the new $ ole, it Ess, abruma or another, "Still in summer, yield / that a.
quino £ made tiprogramon, Sec. Virgil. .
Even when the sun den / e parched grain.
Serum: n o v o. The first is roasted on that side. The new account is $ ef * VIII Kal.
Iamuarijdie.Nescio or local Gellijlib. xvnI. Div. I know 4stats of mind ,.
so it is to be accepted is made. However, the Romans called their new Sun Kai.
the first of January, because of the hands of the new rods of Confuli. Statins xv11 in the world.
Domitians wide.
-In / open fire and German ammum ,.
And rise to $ ole day.
When the cavity of the seven are Roman Menfo a year, Gate c.
more rarely, April, June, August, October, November, December ,.
squorum five days each, with the remaining two are joined by two angles.
by Caefare not without any quaefiuerit or Roman festival of the same.
menfis old the day they are issued a year afterward, Julian.
For example, there is twenty Palilia April 1, that is, XI Kal. In May.
menfe Julian. If they were a year offerings; When in April cauus.
