
was great in the 37: as we do so we can be in no other way, than the fi now of the days 37.
5. 1 O4, is replaced on days 1 2 O 2. 2 O4. So there are left over.
Β 24. 9. Oh. This is the reason why the 1 z. 2 a. 2 O4 are delivering on.
Old dine with Macedonia. From 1 to 3 days of solids derived.
3. 876. When the motion of the Moon, was clear that out of the midst quater of an hour.
even among the Jews, and that, nevertheless, as is the case, it could not be wrested from vfus.
periods of Alexandria, and which, from the hands of the common people Calippicæ, the Master of Tiberius.
beriadis fustulerunt that period, and the new niay, that is, Com.
unadulterated condition. Xi for 11 days, in which the ancient You.
Kuphus Cæfarianam exceeds each received 6 cycles of 1, that is, whether.
We 41o4, which coincide with days at 7 o £ u7iijva g aaXlwojxjs ,.
& Moment præcife. Then fell into an amendment of the time.
Jews account whether the absolute O4 41; so much so that the first year.
100 year is spent correctly account by entering 41o 5, corresponding to a year.
Christ Dionyfiano 344 nouilunia September from the panels.
stronomica in Jerusalem on Monday night, September twenty fč.
the second, an hour to Jn ;; And the south quarter of the day, xxm, which was on the first day, ey.
CLO Sunday 17- or what is the same, time 4+ from the sun in the West, citizens.
three times. The Jews, as in the method by Tekuphae to leave any of the stones.
Us, for ;; For 87 seconds, he received ;, 6, which fuperfunt dero8o.
the common way, for a year, about the way in the year, would be left to the solar deducted.
breaking down 2 O4. Hence, as in Tekupha tifrum & Nifanius no problem.
abandoning their duty must be necessarily the same 2 O4 and in excessuSo.
litigation above the moon, and in the first nouilunio. So I exclude such as those 2 O4.
500 angles in the first Moon, which is in excess of the sun. Excess Sunday: 1.
z 1. 2 O4. Oh nouilunia first time. 5. 2 O4. Disserentum nouilunijciui.
Us Jews and astronomici hor. 1. 1 58. This will be explained more favorable.
niore place to sleep. This Fane ingeniofissime, but inexperience and the same day.
Tekuphæ & nouilunij time. Tekupha is the last term of the year.
Solaris, flue-p. riav, the first nouilunia first.
day of the year. The time between the moment λ £ y @ $ εωgnTòv Tekuphæ.
And the time he first beheld, that varying, this early, so.
reéte634 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
In ancient times, and you really Tekupha in the seventh Octobris. Nouilunia of A.
fequenti been in, in the nine years that it even happened.
z world 4. 5; beginning. Then immediately after the æquinoétium property.
And then, what was 7 Octobris, entered nouilunia Marcheschvvam.
In VIII, Tuesday, and fequens Nifanius upon himself are the æquinoótij civic ,.
Thursday, April prolific in the menfis of Exodus, which is nothing, no.
those ignorant of the history of facrae in the ratio of the times. The set of Teku.
Pham and nouilunia first installed the same day, and sin.
in the nature of a thing to its, in the old days of the year & the Macedonian confuetudinem :.
becomes the end of the year of the antecedent premises that the Tekupha, nouilunia au.
Likewise beginning: King of Macedonia, and in addition, civic year.
Sunday AVII is fed by fequenti education. B. counties have jurisdiction over the year
puti, the Jewish people, which they are completely ignorant to the Jews. Nor do I ,.
among the Jews, but that the report of such a faith becomes the old, the world was created in Book VII of O.
October, and, for the sake of knowledge of teaching Olympiad which.
diximus.Quum it was often true arguments duétihanc cause.
And the account of the modern Jew was shown at last.
masquerading memoirs H A I N = 1, in which there solumconfir.
Our conjecture can be destroyed, but also the name of the account Auetore Prodi.
Then it. It was Hillel, of which it is written, we find all WA svvm% Fin.
»Y are as good mn m fa NVP Nixwv> nBipn Tni ^ \ y su Naym fpn» num i m.
2. /.
ninovj% y nxvx a mini NINNO wjin n / s> | Ny pypw p> n> PM N> n. Hillel, Prin.
ceps son Judah arranged ComputumfècundumTekupham.
Rabbi Adam until the Messiah, the Son of David. And the tartar.
Abai and against. And so it lasts in the scripfit Rabbi Simeon.
in position exhortations. It was the year 67o contraets. Ha & e.
that. This was the year of Christ, 358 years after the normalization x 1 1 1 1 ,.
In the year 354, which fell perpctuum Computuni scripfisse said ,.
nempehodiernum. Addition, it comes regulamAda, and this is undoubtedly a pleasure.
igiturfuit conicéturanostra should be in the book. pag.z6.nnyn niy Fob bottom.
PI is snbin nonn j ^ i ^ tm ix "Vx ainyo ixxvsv Ί ',' sx xwjxi cypiº CA) 'Nun DN.
nn nn A m ^ i. .
Excess menfis Tekupha) If an excess of Sunday 1 a. 2 1. 2o4. By XI r.
diuiferis, oh brow. 2 1. 827 EPA and insisted menfis Tekuphae. Therefore year ,.
Tekuphae is typically exceeds yourfcif Sunday. Similarly, the excess of the cycle you °.
Kuphus solar cycle, the excess above the moon, and oh, 1. 485 epaétæ.
Tekuphae the cycle. .
And 4d / © iendum nouilumium.) Haetenus Fidelity account Jew.
Subieetum account for a year. Hebrew cstmixtus year, quake.
They consider the nature of the Sun and Moon less. Monday the account.
menfes of the moon, the movement of the enrolled, but to the man whose good faith they are. Rationc.
C.
Sunday, from 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 635.

Asolo, because of the two causes of this.