
hare, This is the fummam to be constructed from aeribo says. Varro old coin / 2e.
ties, such as back pay they say that / EMI / fifth / EMI / fourth / bought.
pertius pronounced. Voluf Maetianus: jiue moneys flue / jier.
tiaria system prepared II / AEM known, that the bill, and $ ingula.
Rum, € 5 7'erunciorum propoßta moved Demarij or $ efertij as he was in.
Itius, Ara expressed. What vetcrum £ R A call reasons ,.
the crowd present T H 1 1000 calls a word that first comes in.
imprinting the air. Then the fumebatur debt. Varro mysteries :.
The brass of defrudaße an innkeeper, obuam of the mire, obleuiße, as well as the bearers of the altar of the im.
he calls the toll on a small brass duxe, fubueétione of the wine is that which was due.
Hnde the Adaerare the accounts or more 33apyveiaa and 10.
In Trebell. Pollion. Valerian Aug. Claudij that of the epistles in his life,
Now the rest of the things for the sake of minutiasfùas fcribo nequeumt, on behalf of the moderation.
^ Epraestabis fed a way that mihil aderetur.id, so it fpecies be delivered, no pre.
the task at hand, and the result is clear fequentes And /? somewhere something about C.
he shall not make the price, It is not in the least is to be demanded. Ma `In the published text.
ie added. Eugene Panegyrist let this go / Alarm amount.
adhonorem care WORSHIPER take into account the income / done.
6o. Male generally read sires. The fate of all these things.
The atmosphere, and the atmosphere is then τὸ κόλλυδον έτὸ κεςματισμόν. Why did like air.
The word, the word coming, campforum, MONEY, thus, too.
Recent eºs in Hebrew, in the Arab C9} ~ • From 9 100) <>.
XOX v% £%. And small summa, which are greater fubiiciuntur Jews.
They call one. ISTC 53 56 Jewish year, for example, is from 3 to 5 year 6.
jiop on £, productive age thereof younger quasi atmosphere becomes larger in thousands.
dear. Therefore brass, fine Region Caefaris Hifpanica means audit, DC
And the number of years, how many years Jews of Alexandria.
They call the number contraótuum. This is true of Æra Hifp.
nicâ% X / O ^ O% of which was thirty eight years Computuni Christmas.
{Ti Dionyfianum ahead at length in Aragon defies year.
Christ the popular 1358: In the Kingdom, in the year 138; In Portugal.
daughter, in 1415. Why this deeply defitu atmosphere in Hifpania :.
ciufquc only the name of the books and records of fuperest. Jews.
 Hifp • ON E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 449.
A Hifpanienfès to write up ipio belongs Cyi P> In Einyism NTM's £ p Rywaus.
R-yyg fi vnbir vu * j> n i i ^^ aivn '' nnn iopias.Sed pay Cæfaris.
Hifpania vfa is done, not only, but also South Africa, France, and Italy, thereof,.
does not seem to go back to the origin of the Hifpania, nor of the triumph Do.
mitij Calvin. For Africa, we have tcstcm fynodum previously.
nienfem a creative and: of which the title is thus conceived: The Council of the Carthaginians.
ginienfe / ecundum have exxv & Agra c c 1 1 1, times the $ i.
7icij Great. Then, Glorioßßimo general Valentinianus Augustus.
Fourth, the most famous of Con Theodofio O / iliac bones, X 1 1 1 Day of lu.
Nij, Carthage, in the Basilica? erpetuum Restituía. Recall: Valentino.
mo August fourth, €%% Yeotcrio p'iri; Clarisse. Cons. With that fact.
Bfulatus fell in the year of Christ Dionyfianum 39o, Indiétione 3.
Again: (oncilium & Arelatenf? Third XI 1 1 1. Epißoporum saeera ;.
c c c x 1 5 Marcian, shepherds, 65 Vincomalus c o s s.
1 force on 1 July. Confulatus he fell in the year of Christ 453, and.
diétione r 1, according to Stephen count. Why read: air.
c c c 1. Also CX Council for the fourth Carthaginien / out of the habit of Euler
pißopia c 1 1 1 CXI air c c wither onorio {J & Augusta fourth ,.
Consult & Eutychiano, fexto by November. Reet. Was com.
The year of Christ Dionyfianus x 398 Indiétione 1. Author Elder ;.
Carthaginienfi fifth together in an atmosphere of surveillance c c suggestion.
Po (T Confulatum Flauij Stilika the famous X 1 1 1 1 Kai. Lulias.
After confulatum reeds for the labor force to x 1 V, according to the same.
Stephen Earl. Tcrtius then the next year by the Council.
IV. Read the air c c exxxviii 1. On the other France.
Valehtino the illustrious acts of the Council in the place of France. Council Valentimum ;.
thirty epifeopus E c c c x 1 1 1 under Gratiamo & Valentine.
no Emperor Gratian third and Equitio confalibus. Era 41.
37 is the year of Christ 5, four years before we Confulatum Aufo.
Dij, Indiétione the third day, though it is well-learned in Onufrius quinquen.
Mio previously claimed. Another place again in the Council Arelatenfi fourth. In.
where it was initially written, the year quadragefimam fexto noble o,.
ârthodoxi and the beginning of our Emperor Charles, / 2b day / exto.
On JMaias, Caceres 50 500 c c 1, Sec. For the year, 1 x 50 V Charles.
Christ was a great 813, 851 Æræ Hifpanica, that you are considering. It is not.
Æra, therefore, that they be of one Hifpaniarum for his own possession, and consequently, neither in the.
AE may be the start of transport. The Italy Lco papa.
xx 1 x. Data fèxtodecimo the first of April, August Valentimiano faith.
pties & auieno men, famous, Confuli air c c c x 111 LY.
But uncertainty is librarij.