
mense of December, were: Matronalia, however, the Kalends of the Saturnalia. March. vi.
Therefore, in each of those two menfes Saturn conie & TA effect force.
Bderentur that continuous effet. Then again, what redress from him in all things.
IKalendis from March to December lunoni fàcrificabant, because I am.
effent all the kalendas, dedicated to Juno, so that no man does not know how. But if twelve.
now choose out twelve menfes we had been, on the first of twelve, not ten at the beginning: fa.
crificaffent. Fententiarum seem to be a supporter of the former critics.
Also of the Gentile, who is a year old Aeolos grants the fuiffe that divine ,.
, relying on the testimony of Homer, whom they wish to Aeolos fuiffe. With him.
For thus speaks to Neptune Nymphama be compreffae: χαύge Yuja ,.
4γλάτήl, aάλλομ $ με d'êwow? Té fi% e% dyAovg Táxyo.- In fact, they say ,.
by compreffa to create a Aeëtes dμέρ® ^ & ioulbs, the year of many men.
fium is carried in many menfes woman and therefore Romus.
"100 right, so it writes Ouidius, The / àtis is bonded To produce mi.
fames, his year of time that fate. By Nen, also menfium.
the ten a year, the old attests to the picture of Aeolus fuiffe: Or, three times so that the picture of Aeolus men.
bes holds ignicomus $ OL. But these are trifles. Since then explofo II.
lo grants a year to put all the things inutiliffimo, thereafter from.
fibilata fententia, which Romulus pastor and agricultural Metonem and.
Calippus set to true reasons for refuge to us.
true, formerly confentaneam way infistemus, which makes it ,.
not only from the beginning of the year, the twelve menfibus, but also to those to Lu.
næ running it by arranging an appointment fuiffe. Witness appeal the month ,.
Eidunt and day. For nine days and diet, which is antecedent.
500 were eidus, fiuc moon. Since Xai%%% xoufie us (3, 6 ;.
τ] ω τουσάλlwoy Oh and to the interieéti are real, then the first day.
* Όχομάγε comes back from the ninth Eidibus. Xτὸ ἐ πάνσελή8, that is.
Eidibus, the intermenstruum time, there are now sixteen, now a fortnight.
From INTERLUNAR the fifth, fine τω όχόμιμον, but now the seven ,.
now sex. The fate of the old year to open the description shaped.
Besides why should I the middle of the night and the day to commence operations, Romania, unless beyond the moon.
No leader at that time and the days of the civil diuifionc fequerentur ?.
P Hinc174 3 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 1 G E R
Hence arose the expression: AD 4. E 1 D that is, before the A.
The fourth Eidus, also A.D. 11 1 1, 1111. The day before Eidus. For.
The time period between birth and are commonly occafum Sunday interieétum.
The expression she N T E A day includes that time.
before the rise of his neighbor, in fact, from the middle of the night and to the Eastward. Therefore A N T E
IO1 K A 50 E 1000 N 500 E A's that the backbone of the middle of the night and the day.
Nen is that we will not eruditiffimum an interpreter.
TCM. And he wrote a letter to Paulinus, therefore, we first determine them versus doth set forth :.
Ides crossed. MEDIA / àprema December.
Times venturoproperabat join Janus.
But rental / lecimas to / from just a long day.
Jupiter is an invitation to celebrate the festival could. B.
Then, versus those he explains. Now there was just the first day.
monumdecimum first of January, when she / IMT have li.
of the earth lives with the greatest of your literary conversations. You see clearly what it happens before the day.
1 (feeding, or the first of a night of course. Further in jury.
deprauatum hand, it was the day of the moon through the high ca.
Lari, to whom the country people, too, in front of an abnormality from the order of menfium.
holding. For the year menfes odd days and to a carriage ,.
JPontifex Court Calabrian fi Nonæ feptimanæ were going to do this.
meaning people, feptics said, KAL 1 A NA o n o v e l 50 A. If an.
Likewise Quintana appropriate, of the five jar, MA 50 1 A o n a n o v e ll A.
Get away Get away IVN o c o v e 50 50 A, which is found in the old well written, C
How excufa Varro read. For tametfi the Kalends, Juno commands.
they were, dedicated to my dear, to God, however, were to no one, dedicated to Nonæ, spoken of from.
mentioned. DC, for the moon, it is not from here, on the first of fermo. Besides it.
c o v e l 50 A, which is the celestial accept that this leetionem defense.
they give, than to ridicule, do they perform? c o w 1000 is old and it was heavenly.
the sky, but not to the heavenly. For if the neck from the old vfurpatum.
Bring the celestial, then fortaffe c o v e 50 vs. 50 poffet can be transmitted. However, Vt.
I have remarked, are of hearing the doctor is not here. On the moon, it is almost not.
Juno. From 1000 to IA N Moon called it. Things Varro in his work.
Agriculture never heard in the country Oh c t a v r e s o 1 A N A 1000 c.
c E N T E 1000, against € 5 e n ​​e s s 100 E N T E 1000? And that cressentes set & D.
/ Eneßente be done? However, some things can be better and p o s t c.
A V O N A T 1 A 1000 than before? It is everywhere in the radiation Varronianis statement.
appofitum ends of gloffema, LVN A & woven irrepfit. For 1A.
The N A. Lunt, A & E 500 adieéto carried out 500 EI A N A & E 1V to 500 A.
From 1 to 500 V E 1 N A. Diuianam Varro, so we prefer that diuia moon ,.
in the breadth, and height, than the fact that Deius Jane. But I do know.
Studiofi all of what and how pretijfit Varrò in the etymology. Him.
• T. modod send E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. «S.
100 Rum reason, as you see the Day IMIENSES col e. · É¤].
