
For defected scripferunt arranged in Leo which is afíenfum.
Cicero fitted, as we have seen. But if this is true of (IET, necessarily.
TCBA this fight happen solca aquarium effect. That is.
 false;.
\ ON E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 51 2 4. 1.
|.
".
Afàlfum, comes to the end of the summer, had overthrown Darius, when it is ascertained to have been defeated. Then.
define once the eclipse occurred. d. 1 1 1 1 1 E D. Aug. what atti.
net it is to be noted, almoft always is accustomed to this, or faepiùs the case, Fal.
fo the battle at Arbela known to have happened, however, this is said to be, when it comes to the Azoni.
mena have been committed is made. However noble this honor from a darker place.
lated, and Plutarch τω δ μεγαλιω μέχω πός Aapäoy 6 $ z & Ap.
g ^ gg, ôzsg o ^ ® to 2p34) 8oiy, dλλα έν Towyαμῆλας γδὸ σιωάτε.
αό. He was called from the small intestines is autemlocus Cameliibi fepulti: that.
And the quibufdam old at all. That is clearly a man. • S.
Mefopotamitarum language and the. So the fight against.
defeétione the eleventh day of the moon. Plutarch: Is humankind) xae o f.
B & e ^ {\ %% wvxii} * $% τὰ eg} αν άν όψά γεγονότων, Sec. This fecu night.
ta is Kai. Ootobris. Therefore v 1 Day battle array. Immediately after this.
Perfarum disaster, and Victoria Macedon, starts control Alc.
xandri Afiaticae. Plutarch% * μαχή έχεὐπλαάπῆ ἀ τíeg ;;.
Âμό Xgχή ztajdtaat »if IIega @ ἐδόκει κα% λελυός, βασιλέως δ * Aaiag.
DVD ax £%} ® Donya; & P% 3ve %% μεγάλαττετός. Which is why rur.
Plutarch system bus runs, which would contribute to stage two.
day of the lack of the Moon, it is still writing to TLU ^ tau.
flw Bondgouâ 43iyoy%. What this is logistics, for example eleven days.
Cρά τω όιασα £ ομιόφ% Good, Good said τάμín} ομιάφ φδύοy.
(3, not the τάμῖ. £} Good ομιώδ 45iwoy%, but iyoj & JGG% d ".
The battle of Gaugamela. For coanno the Kalends Scptembristi 169.
Jig 9 1000 "% y $ RWA €" concentrating, and Kal.Octobris τί γεομluig 3.
Bondyoμιλό, as it appears from the table ncomcniarum Attic book.
from the region of the first 28 years of that sentence.
Oh oh 100 500 1 500 R E P E A 50 1 P i '.
| (Y, a lip p vs Cyzicenus, a vicious cycle deprehenfo metonic, when.
7 reasons right after 6 years earlier epochas new Moon.
on one day the were on the surface, not so regard him be denied, to fall into error.
Then the fubolescebatin menfibus TGV% ela3 metonic, as well as the mounts.
Deteride of the year with the people, in which he occasionally fuccurre the benefit of éx%% λ.
5 at any time of the year when he was going to the bottom along on the contrary, the head of the kindness of despaired of AGA.
Άτμά inside fummouebatur. Yourfcif be able to establish a satisfactory period.
fyzygiarum 94o, eafque properly excluded those 27759 ,.
end of flames at any intervention that is yourfcif falfo satisfactory. who all of them.
76 are made common to the days of the year, the days of finguler 36o: that you all will fint.
the chronicles of the 27 63 o, which menfibus Embolima nine others, who are dics.
27 o.Reliqui 9 are 12 days, which is fixed and call giàgx%, which DEBC.
  . . Mm ships.
• "/'.* out. 2 2. 'S e p h o 1 1 1 50 Sc A G E R 1.


they are 1 5 2, with each assigned to two years. The other nine A.
Twelve 33a / $ 3ia made ordinary and extraordinary four. So score.
TI for three days and leave days were taken out 1 5 2 1 29 fuperfluos only.
I 1 2 9 days to ajdgx & íuíe9% when they really were 1 5 x. Fed.
2; Boedromion taken out of the day, such as that sold above the thirtieth ,.
Only 129 days fupcrflui fuperessent. Nothing in an Callippus.
no democratic innouauit, except the period between nine Vtin 76 years.
calander were to be, and when and to the extent that in Oetam.
teridi the reason, of the moon, it is not pointed out that the periods of rule by human. Period.
So she agreed to nine Octacteridibus with femisse. In the first ward.
prolific in the first year of the embolimæus in the third and fourth fecund :.
In the fifth, fexta and feptimi, third in Oota and squartus o'clock. The B.
of one of the day, to every man that is effected or the fourth year of Tetraeteridis ἐαίρεσις ,.
Or two days and even years biduiin 4, O 2, 4o, 6o. In the rest of it.
allows a single day. Since then she vtebantur Elidenfes the Olympic Games.
while the committee, for the sake of the honor of the facri of the games it in ruling families.
outflanked, but the name of Alexander confecratam. For Macedonia and E.
lidenfium at the same Tetraeterides none other than.
menfium appeals treating. eiufquc start of the Hyper.
beretæus of passage, the same as the Hecatombaeon in Atticus'. Since veroAle.
xandri victory at Gaugamela inciditin fecundumannum Olympics.
gods, and not been able to, as he wanted to, the derivative of the beginning of a period of Tetraetericam.
vi. but eiusinitium indixitanno XIX turn of a new moon Avduvoje c.
which is the same with the Pyanepfione to Atticus, but of which it is fallen into the ncomenia.
V 1 1 1 September immediately after κάτεον με (τωόν year Iphias 465.
and that for victoriam Alexandra, 1 1 O6tobris happened. Yes.
which belongs to her had also received the fubditi a period of Athenienfis, men of Macedonia, v t.
This is evident in the decree on Athenienfis into the grace of Hyrcanus in the ethnarch.
Pope and the Jews drove μlu'63 Iiwi zriufîn.
datów% that year terms with 2; Alexandria, in the fourth period. For so it is.
Callippus called onto the cam, so that, from the renunciation of any man came to him, auctoritas. But.
the best way out of all the cities of Greece that such a benefit which is done to you, that is.
