". E>.
J $ 1000 C.3 V S T E R KA hvn or 1000 vs T E R T A K A F vN ie ,.
obreptitios, and the secret, quasi x gTiuaιες to say a word. Are.
For additional time, since the Greeks ἐποχόμ $ μω significance. Intercom.
gave way to a quarter of what we Bifextum say after that.
So four years ago, the first quarter flue Bifextum as we speak ,.
They Oromazda from the first day menfis year was a demand be.
if the defect was said to Behemen a quarter, of the name of the fruitful Virginity of the day.
menfis. Finally tricefimo Bifextum called Hasch.
nusche menfis de nomine Tricefimo of the day: the first at the beginning of Tricefimo.
Oh league.
• 500 N 500 E em e r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v 4. 29 ;.
A clear, 12 years æquabiles from epoch to flow, and therefore Moons.
his menfis, who had been the standard-bearer of the period, thirty days of the epoch in that ancient pattern.
After be abandoned. Then the thirty days intercalabantur and ipfas.
W a h a K by the end of the preceding menfis neighbors, at the end of thirty.
days' old cast so that menfis that haetenus of twenty or a hundred.
fruitful end to the number of years forward to the first and starvation.
Ham treatment. This was a great N E R V Z of the store.
Farum, the regal luxury, circenfibus and outstanding Panegyri.
in session, it would be vifura Let us imagine that one age will be ordained only by man.
honey. to make the gift of worldly games that they were Romans were accustomed to, and when.
were to appoint the herald, to invite the people to the games, which we should never am.
Bplius vifuri not as Ovid merit of what he ,.
| Time he sees one and / temel. .
The place was, for the sake of these consoles are clear: but I can not clearly distinétaerant Book3 ?.
\ Vbifalfum is that it has Laterculümenfiü, τας ἐποιχομάδας for all.
& Menfes vein. It is true, indeed, vein sends out through all the menfes, but it is not.
f is shown in the Panegyri Sal Chodati; When this is rather fierce in Encæniis no.
* Power of a king. Whenever & JPO / * a new king will be held ,.
* Epagomenae by the end of that menfis where haetenus offered to end ill.
1 son menfis traiiciebantur in which it was suitable and / 3porro uòς, indiéta PA.
F negyride and prolonged quodcorumlingua T Y c t a ruffian. NAMA.
"Absent on this); the air; that is, speaking of them, so they write to: cj \ 229.
 , And [. •% *? "Legal ~ q) s o \ <; Q & yoQas? J ^; £ ols.
It was êonfüetudoinstaurandi (£ RA 1000) whenever you some King.
ipfispraeficicbatur. This time it was Iezdegird. Epagomenæ.
At the end of Aban implicated month traieétæ. CaefoIezdegird again, Othmen.
filioyphen control Perficuminuadente murder Epagomenæ a fine.
Adar in the end Afphandar acquittances. From that time, to us vfque ,.
, Aphandar menfis Perficianni the last term, and the first Phfurdin with.
before, no one would be sure to vltimusmcnfis, Niños, who are appendages of ePages.
* Menas habcbat: No menfis also resolved first, except that the EPA.
: _gomenas proximescquebatur. Egyptian diuerfa the system. for.
Dämetfi quadrants, each time menfis flue bifexta down.
branded, they formed a period of no plan, except that which was done.
After 1461 years of Egyptian sunk to the year 146o Julian. Thothau.
Likewise radiation eratprimus mcnfis, nonautemincertus, so bear with a.
In an entirely disagree all the arguments of which the fe profiteban.
Tur. Every year, for, solenniadeam the matter of the institute, Apimfuum dcdu.
ccbarì at a place called the 500 x t o s. There iurciurando add.
  4. geban296 1 1 b e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
credulous society, neither the day nor the menfem intercalaturos; which, in the feast of the A.
άiem change, but the bag and instant c c x v 50, as the intended purpose.
ancient people. What many words are reported by Scholiaste Germany.
Cgfaris.Vbi seest them, to reprove the intercalation menfis Finish. A.
ficumque Al c h o 500 Al menfis intercalation with a laugh. Therefore.
For complete periods of the head, and the old N E R V wit, this was the place of it.
in reality difputandi, with her historical epoch, so that the name of the Neuruz shows, essetSolaris ,.
vtiqueinstituta primuminipfo vernoæquinoétio, which fell to 28.
MartijIuliani. This they call the epoch of today's palace cj ^ ;; G °.
EV R R1 N C H A R A T wit hin, why are you caufam ignore the other.
I said. That was one epoch of the period of integraante NABONASSAR, when yet it is.
Nabonassari enthronifmo epagomeng traducendς fuerintafineMefo.
Ti, at the end of Thoth, if the period of the feruare and finespriscg epochaetue.
rivoluissent that end in any dubioabipfisChaldæisfactitatum.Aegyptiis.
, however, hocmutare religion in them, for the sake of illudsolenne iufiurandum, that the.
Already mentioned. If, therefore, the more Perfarum, in whose power it was in the.
tercalatio, such service would be less W k a h a finibusillius menfis that.
On the end of the year, always restrict the quantity of radiation to the Egyptians.
the end of the Mefori to contain these, is licensed to, nor therefore they see them in the Encæniis.
Kings strapado'd, the road would be easy at the beginning, and that's caufas al c h o.
r) A penetrating. Now, because Encæniis the emperor to complete.
fíííTayoμ $ μων traduétio a standstill, but the steps are prorfus disorder.
dagandi. Namquod in Arabic literisnotatum have found prorfus loss.
