
bris. However, it was the first menfis Marchefvvan, as is the case for the cycle.
pofito. Therefore if one menfis Characters 1, 12, 87 and 6 2 Oh, 4OI.
compofueris, you will have for the first time menfem of the Hebrews, that year would be that the end of.
PE 3, 13, 2 4, October VIII, which was next to a day aequinoctijs. Therefore.
charaeter additional six menfium will have feptimum menfem, that is.
Nifanius that this year, 5, 17, 552, April fertile soil. Since.
At the seven menfis starting to think first, and after that institution.
intercalari safe. This is an old menfis fextus, twelve was Sec.
J8 between the tenth, and vndecimum continued into this fedes embolifmi v £.
quediem. . . · · ·.
Autemconstat enough of those things supra demonstrated that we are in.
Greece reached the lunar cycle effects. For the growth together his Buls !.
In writing, of the new moons, some of the Hebrews to mark the reason that the ancients were not able to, either.
excomputo: fedexobseruatione. I would quidemvlla for four hours.
they talked about. For the day, that is, wχόμεθ9%) to twenty-four hours share.
Greece and comment, and far behind the times of Solon, Hc.
liotropiis of the Greeks in many words, and at last the Romans, under the command of.
to the Jews by the Romans, Tranflator. And so, in more ancient, to my opinion, as large resources,.
:.
I
l.
a dream that, the weekdays of no appeal against a planctis, which vtab at the hours in which Fingulae.
, 100 planets fuum claim to meet this particularly desirable. Therefore, the first human.
cauff propofuimus right to work another thing, that if there morofis.
please fequantur through me certain admittedly trite and commonplace hours of the planet.
carages appeal. In fact, I know, how difficult it happen in as many Aristarchus, men of fa.
factory. Moreover, from the book of Exodus, to the times Sedekiae refuse of the final of the King, potc.
Jewish brass safe to use. Nor is there ever go wrong.
500 E N A N C E G A 1 AR.
1 \ x things that previously we accuratc of the year hagarena investigation.
ing fated clear that the reason for embolifmi menfibus deful.
closed whenever there, do not intercalate with the hagarena menfem has a twin, v t.
ID Jews faced Adar Athenienfis τοτίσεδα d rte9: Fed is that.
was the first of the year, in all its embolifmo became one of the last of the year, so as the same poet.
menfis year opened and closed some quasi Janus Patulcius ,.
& Cluf. And against those who had been fruitful, it was the year after.
embolifmum.Satis on this diet est.Hoc year refuoloco above the eyelashes.
ces fiueCaramanni and quædamaliæ Muhammedicænationes to me.
memory of proauorumnostrorum vñ there are: of which thing we have left no vestiges solumi.
Muffulmanorum the books, but today and in the Turks and quofdam fu.
2. pcrfunt ;.
s * 1 3 6. 1 o s e p h 1 1 50 Sc A G E R L
pcrfunt, who is a mere period of hagarena of Callippus are of servitude, and when yet it is.
In the mean time it is clear that the reason for them, the years of the Hegira, the, not less, than for others Mufful.
mania. But as there is of Muharram of the first day of Iu.
hagarena bands in the Eastern Han period are free to do so.
ctiamidem of Muharram starts with Petraeus hagarena annumvagum.
take whatever time is Muhammedes false prophets ridiculous law.
fua published, and to coaótus is to take on a flight for himself, as takes place in the revolution because ,.
and prefer to those who belong to $ pnaweido. Where nominc epoch.
Muhammedis is Hegirathi, that is δαχμάς άτὸς ἐ $ pnyeia * .Hoc.
For it means §:>? "averbium J, this cstένδέκεὸς υτός * 5prox € ίας.
The word frequentiffimum occurred Koran. The Arab equal.
{Cribunt I) $, that is, άποχὴν, effet "<= • G> *» * =} ** € • § 5 '.
Mecha.Quia, however, from the point of flight Muhammcdis MuhammedesfimiaChri.
Stian ruler many ways, is the same serse fuse appcllatione no.
dulled when his native Christian Emperor Diocletian. As the air Diocletian.
".
Diet is £ 1000 A A A R T Y R 2, and ÆraMuhammedis diet is too long.
gira. There is nothing to aliudcst, of martyrdom, or δόγμός στός ἐ $ yn.
oxeiovg. Aufpicatiffimæ to save the time that it fell on the sixteenth of July ,.
62 2 year, weekday V1 in the Alexandreo 9; 3, accordingly.
vicefimo early stages of the fifth hagarena. Chapter years of Rama.
Dhanis, March 2 O, weekday feptimi, cyclo Sunday XT. Therefore, without being of Muharram.
Ramadhan began to burn from a weekday Yi, July sixteen, so we decided to TAC.
anteuerterit From the new moons, and for a whole two days, the Jewish men of the year 4382.
Hagarena on Wednesday, July 3 x. Chart & amid youngsters, 4, 7, 112.
Quodautem ineunteHegira retexivetus is to grow dark period hagarena.
2 28 years old, illustres example, we have a birthday foul muha.
Media. John Rabie was born the day before, on fertile soil. He died.
eiufdem menfis the same day, in hegirae x Auetore chronologues Bar.
Racen at the end of the addition of the Koran, so that to say nothing of confenfus of all things.
Muhammcdanorum. When third year Arabicos solids, Auetore.
The chronology of the same. He died in the year 631, about sixteen, either.
XVII of June. 3 sixty years they Arabiciab the year 631 on the front.
unravel definunt year at 57 o. Seleucidarum year was 881, D.
Consequently, the fourth great period hagarena 197, that is, 45 years.
Calippicæ third period, cuiufmodi agreed all three periods. In.
Hagarena board periods, under the title of the third period, and laterally year.
'45, met menfis spring hagarena Sephar, Matt March, weekday.
3, cyclo Sunday six.