
appropriately. But let fancies of the Greek tranfitum Xerxes. Why ?.
For Cyrus greater control after Darius the Mede succeed, a year.
octagefimæ third Olympiad. Did you think bigger bytes.
Pins that are below the fuscitat fexaginta nine years after the fact.
Rum death? He then Virbius Pacts with Artexerxes LongimaC.
no, meet partcm command precarious concede and by its feptimi.
focietate engaged in their empire. Therefore, at the same time these three kings together in the.
parties have been Ahasuerus, and Darius Mcdus and Cyrus the inse.
RIS therefore recall that with longimana control duties. Qujs, please.
• you ever have such freedom and truth and history illuft? there is Fane ,.
which so often pass by, a 3oyo ^ M29λόγων Apollos, Titus Annius Viterbienfis.
Who would Iofephus sharply distinguished writer to say that scripfè.
seeks temple built by Herod was leveled, and the magnificent pristine.
cxtruétum & Games? Impudentis fable history conuin.
I was going to faeculi said, in Saint John, who on account of Christ.
iiciunt forty six years have been construétum. But the place D.
Of John, whom he summoned a, fe ipfum made distraint upon the other hand, a jocular reply hallucis muscle.
nations. For the temple built by Herod barely begun last absolute.
it was a little before the beginning of the war of the Jews was as well as, with the decease of the province of Albinus had fallen ,.
year Dionyfiano words, four years before the fall of fate.
Solyma. Iofephus lib. xx. pag.62 1: ID NO τότε Κ Θ} an effort to become ".
£ m £ λ, egg chariots like O & T & ægyaaw%; Rexy% özwig μνειες ἀόκωλίοις.
6%, from μισοφοε / ας άνόεάς ἐCoy & ovg AA% τω τe94'ω έα ἐς%.
 • 1. IEE% 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 5 3 5.
A ke} § 3) adiz £ toge. Read the other: for upon this sense of Saint John's val in.
nccessarium out. So τςατλgdxoy% from 33 áreaiy άκοδομη3η ό ναός ζς, VE.
Diet written by the people that matter. For the last year, there was Julian, 74, quintufde.
Tiberij control. Derive 46 years, there remains a 28 year Digest that.
vicefimaus was abundant Herod's temple this year after starting from Intel.
ligebat people that although they were not yet forty six years.
the equipment work in the eighteenth Herod Iofephus a.
And then wants. So celebrate the year of the XT 1 1 1 Herod things.
8tius 46 years were supposed to work on equipment. However, this does not matter ,.
It is enough to illustrate the hocad, with which it is abused.
Doctor men, while trying to prove forty six years in the temple.
B is stored under Zerubbabel was obvious pcruicacia, if the cap.
V 1 1 5 Efdra comparison. There are four years inside the temple.
and erected absolute diferte recorded. That is, if the Darius sub.
on which the temple construétum, is to be the son of Hystafpis, as we wish to be the greatest.
part of the Chronologorum, fextus, and the year for killing, in the quotemplum completeness.
then it is the, fextufdecimus, or quintufdccimusasoluta captives, from the. It.
John's really no way to place an old temple zorobabel moment.
spinning possible. How could pertain to the temple Zorobabe.
1is, which was Herod's not a mountain? A vicefimo ongoing joy.
be in Herod died of Silver out of the province, there are the years.
Eighty, when, according to Iofephus temple built erat.Tunc.
100 could more accurately be called oyd \ o% @ @ Roy τςισίν ἐτεσιν ἀκοδομη3η δ ιαός άτ © ;.
 Iofephus or with a sixteen year 1 1 Herod öydofixo / (. jáíáêreoiy. But ,.
he said, if it is that struétura of Herod, it is not Zerubbabel, a then, can be do.
müs was the third day, it is not a fertile soil. Well said grain. An acute avu.
zváego uz. Even if the temple was rebuilt million solutionem.
held in captivity is, however, not ten, but vnumtemplum to say: because.
άνδελεχισμός and continued fàcrificij he has as one and the same.
blessed. • For two YV n'a it is understood fertilizing house ,.
Struéturæ and reason, and that reason & D £ χισμ8. Where is it £ χισμὸς & D ;.
there is no breach of wall,. Miss Could Iofephus ignore that.
A and is Herod existed as tartar fue recently was that Ipfe.
500 (quantity eyes vfurpauit pulling Much of this would have been a horror IGAO.
rare, animpudentia, fingere.Taedet I confutationis emptiness that.
had not touched it, except to see the others, in the same way of divination, so that ncque other ,.
she was not able to pass by the end of a crime, such as that of Malta, Luke.
Penultimate head of the Acts writes: διαφ € 9, J & T ®% to gig;.
<Leind the shipwrecked on Malta to be expofita headband.
Here you are Melitæ Malta fillet in Adriatic * Two other route.
in the confpectu Ragufij of the town, are in the inmost finu to the Adriatic, which is Meleda.
4. YY generally <1 s c a e p h o s 536 1 50 1 G E R 1.

They say, the other in the Sicilian, also known by the boys, Malta A.
and the gods. If you walk in to the Adriatic sea, it is, therefore, Meleda, but not in Malta. This ri.
spoon opinion, if not fectatores na6tacsset deserve was with that either.
futaretur. The heart of the marc begins to run from the Greeks! Those who are sailing out of the Adriatic.
Cyra, according to Pliny. For where is there a definition of the Ionian, the Adriatic, there is an exception ,.
Why Ouidius Fastorum fourth between the Adriatic Sea and the Corinth.
The Sicilian marks sets •.
Essugit the sandbanks, and 5 you Zanclaean (| harybdù ,.
You $ ylle, maussaga show came. .
Adriacumque open late, bimaremque to.
