
5 hours later, £ * # Quidhac definition else wants, quampcriodum.
Jewish fuiffe of 7 years, 6 days when Meto defines the year.
3 6 5.hor. 5 .; I go out to be conjectured he leaves, pe ^ vtipcriodoanno.
Rum 19. She remained in the period 7 6 years old, that cft, Calippica :.
And in all of the new moon ®aaiy obfèruabant not.
declare that it is his office as judge of the præfcripto periods can not, but for this reason, he might make her.
fanctificarent. For hodiequoque & obferuare 4aaiy not vtexea.
Moons information, but that the cam fànétificent. Moon, therefore it immediately.
vifa say: "Say, w> n \ x% * & NR said ffyp. ciyafiòv τάegς άω ήμῦ ἐ πάση.
Ivegì. Muhammedani & they do the same thing, even though the new moon being out.
fcripto occasions foleant. Nequealiud intcllexit fabulofis Indeed ,.
an old but still yearns Aeëtean \ "y Ila € 8 Xa056Aæ in Clement :.
pundis 10% IeJak * CAOS (R) Sab.) kajjim eXeyou μόοι oidρόμοι τὸ 3so ,.
206ax £ V, Gox ïaïs') ^ ατε & οῆς ἀγάλας Κ λgχαχάλοις, μlui $ G fin.
Kαιάμλ σελήm η <p * j, (αά% y 6% λεγόμ άγεσι $ x $ μονπςό {γ, εσέ νεο.
£ luia, dyeaiy and τε ἄφμα, άτὸ ἐogrœ and τε μεγάλίω ημάegy. Analytically.
   Oh claraPR E 50 100 1000 E O N A L 5 1
in a clear, indeed, ifta: fcd ncfcit, how he speaks. In fact, in the power of the Jews.
teftate nunquamfuit as expeétarent φσου because rarely Moon fč often.
dit, except fccundopoft sexual die.Quod fiexpectandum ipfis effect ,.
That is utterly ridiculous acciderct, as of the month Elul, who is cauus menfis of radiation, it is not fo.
full sky, but also sometimes one and trigintadierum cffet.Sinc.
tranflationcm understands the appointed seasons of doubt, of which the cauff he does not know. 7 %% w.
Ca% z%) * uujn VSN caputanni.NamSabbatü calls, calls quiaFe.
ftus day αςgχός%. So, too, is Leuiticix x 1 1 1, 24. £ ogrlw Intel.
lige κατὰρχήν τω τεττκοςή: quodita Hebrew word, népeny ,.
Videin account of the Jewish people. But μεγάλω ήμάegy calls τω σκluoTn.
χα, κατ 'ἐάοχω too, it is in. In fact, there were many other μεγάλω Άμά.
Gau, and equal to or as a consequence. Thus, Tertullian great day he had.
Hebrues Anni or t = yyib. His words are now in the Marcion :.
Day obferuata and Menfo and 5 times, and amnos, O Ye, such as OPI.
MOR, and cemaspuras, 6 fast and big days. But what Tertulla.
whether witnesses? Behold, for thus they turn from the first Greek King cap.Ifàiæ :.
τοῖς νεμ'uia3 JuJJ, %% (3 %%, and íuáegy μεγαλ / ω Gox ojyoμα.
That Hebraicc cft rep, turn it μεγαλέω ήμάeg ,, what is the same.
In what is, and is openly Keep diftinguuntur ma.
īgnis time, why do some pcrperam μεγέλω ήμ £ egy interpreted.
Saturday attributes with John, Lu) o ugydAm huíeg. Qassem.
ßdßv x € iy8. as explained below. Tertullian, and that Ipfe @ §απά / ας ,.
which he calls the pure running after costly feasts, from the diebus with great and from the iciuniis, & c.
"Saturdays diftinguit. Of Supper pure, other than that, what we have to.
Fest, so I found an old and very well Gloffario Latinoara.
had gone by: Paraßeue, dinner is pure, that is, the preparation of, which is made on behalf of.
fàbbato. Annals founder ecclefiaftica uneasy about the dinner.
pure, and refuse to cffet parafceuen for dinner with pure feast.
has a shot urcani. However Ipfe, (Doctor of peace were) no.
residence pure, not because it lacks the meat, but because of what was left.
Leon and say cauffa becomes. For parafceuae Iudaicæ have a car.
fines and nevertheless called supper did, as you say cauff co.
And their children, coquunturque today profàbbato for the Sabb.
The cooks were not allowed to. I do not deny reader, this MSG.
go not to be realized. The place should be, therefore, is mobiliffimus. However this.
, frankincense, quifquc Leétoribus is one of so many, these things, or who do not pass them by.
bit, or to revile? Scquuntur periods was.
aad year alone system from which the Indians, and Muhammc.
Danish totally dependent. First of all Arab fcri now.
not of the party fly, and on which all tra & change is noftris to men.
new protector. Will await you, this year, of the Jews was the doctrine of the moderns think of a thing, is.
faepc said artificiofiffima, idcoquc cxim for better.
 4 2l \ 1 \ 1V p r o 1 11 50 1000 E E G O N A.
the years of the moon, of formaconftituinon can serve. Docemuspræterea, vnde.
natusfit the annorumcomputus, quovtuntur today, a V 1 1 Eight.
fever; queminepteputanta creation. After multarumPcriodo.
juice, life had passed, Oétaeteridum, Pafchalem Historie, in place of the vl.
In fact, the Romans, @ i5o29jμ $ μæ attempt at the Old of the year, day hang.
which will take the form of approximately abeffet alunari: where they are defæculoRomano ,.
And the veterisanniRomani, temporibusvltimisC. IulijCæfaris.
fingula accuratiffime difputata.Itaque from individual things, many things to be taken.
ta have established, namely, indeed, since it is more fingulilibri & ingentes confié.
poffent n, p, that people today eftambitio, the no.
Twice inceffiffet. In the third year of a timely book equable given cli ,.
cumannusSolaris Egyptian adfcitis five days, from the Greek.
propagatusfit: (quemadmodum year orbit from the same Greek.
This generous spirit, so that, when abieétis At the same xv diebus, PAULOU.
formely) that metacente Plutarch taught inlibros áIoiJ & Gai.
e / d ©. Adeointer felibri noftri each other confpirant, ncq5ab to make the calculation ,.
method abeft order. The hummingbird Neuruz old bear.
a period of twenty years, and the areas; dierumPerficorum titles.
tranflatione άγάπαγομέραν cnthronifmis of the new Begum.
