
mouse) quingentefimus feptuagefimus seventh. And.
a mixture of the (old) Abad, vfquc now;.
 D.
v 1 1 MD Lxxvii. years.
P1N1 S c o 1000 PvTi Church as thiopicis.
In c om.
13D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 50 1 5 2. 679.
In 1000 A 100 O P O P V T V 1000 as T H 1 1 c 5 M.
100 H ri ti an O's A vM Ethiopia, which Abassinorum or Abif;.
We call Ecclefias in Italy there were no memory.
phases. There are Jerusalem, Alexandria and Cairo examples us.
I knew not I can not be safe. Lufitanis too voyages, and Lu.
culento book itinerary Francisco Aluarez fàcerdotis Lufitanis that in.
Ethiopia penetrated the interior was more about them, their rites.
acquainted. Once all of the Nile in Africa since last entering the water.
Cadiz, also from the Tyrrhenian Sea to the south across the Aequin & Tia.
form, ecclefiarum & Cities Acknowledge the Christians, and the great times.
Re socerebellar one of Alexandria aid. If things are equal.
Today Ecclefiarum in those regions survive, only to Patriar.
Can agnoscunt3vt j, one of which is now under discussion, the Ethiopians quosacom.
Africa a waste of races and carry dissiciles access liberty.
In fact, apart from it were so, or in those areas where there is now a Christian.
Nifmes was no, or hardly any, under the tyranny of the Muhammedana. Before lufiaS.
Ethiopia is the only approach beset by Christian Ethiopia.
Stian scarcely gives us the it was known, and that their falfo the name of the emperor.
Prestegiani: this was the name he was not with his men, who were in Amharic, but one who is.
In Asia the year c c a very wide range of affairs. Such conduct, however.
Perfica language Xayo ^ ixdg. For, in the language of jNanpia = * J3.
° are Xaö70x9 ;. QA = J5 qnanty Xa / 3oA / Xoç, to be exact.
it was agreed the top of the facerdoti, or dgχιεgâ name rather than to the king: my item.
g \ = * J3 & G $ Padeßha Prefigiami, King of the pope: that.
* Amharic would be £ 0} U; ST ® C * P * yrivhxx. Arabic auté ¢!% ^ 9i gxi.
Falfo, therefore, Prestegiani by them, which they that are of the Itinerary of Poli Venet ha.
riolati afian are the same when this is to be the one of the Ethiopian: that.
Both Christian. Indeed it before c c quof years.
The kings of the dam and the Ethiopians in the Afia, præfertim in the Drangiana, and the territories.
1) Sufianæ, and in India, the late ruler, until the commanders of the Mongols.
them the whole of Aphiah, they drove away, to be flexible or the first time, as they say, from the Cingi of Tartarus.
rum, the King, the interfeetor Vncam of them, emperor first. Then they add.
from the Cincano the son of Cing, Bathinus Cam & As for his son, all of them, AE.
thiopum missing from the kingdom, cast Moines & China and Africa from.
agaphseij vfque compulfos. But for us being as astonishing, it seems, a nation, ho.
by land and sea completely and unused to such a degree the day, sailors of the thing potentcm fuif.
fe, so that, because of Ethiopia, went to China when vfquc the Empire, and the ends of the of existence to the. Mm.
  • lll than 4.

68o: 1 o s e p h 1 s c a i G E R 50 1.
I would believe that Abissimorum behavior, and at the deepest Co A.
gnita right. But they goad our arguments, they say that it was an.
Witness command is still fuperesse crosses into Amharic Giapan, China ,.
And elsewhere. In addition, the temple of St. Thomas the Apostle in the realm of Malabar.
it has happened, strut and the nature crosses and other monuments are merely Ethiopia.
to be. They report in addition the name of, that proposal, but it is, nor, as the Indian ,.
A A A A 1 V 1 A. This was entirely Æthiopicc Apostle åozP :.
NOS. A voice that even those with the Arabs is common. For in.
Arabifmo ay] |}> are Paul. The Blue faulty pole intcrp.
A noted example vm s an c t v Marcus also writes Andreas Corfàlis, lure.
and westward over against the gold of them, whose name Colan, two fepulcra to be, and another for Tho.
mae of the Apostle, and the other of the Ethiopians, cuiufdam out of the country Prestegiani, B.
who ipfum to the Apostle of the county court is made. These Ethiopians out of that.
museums and the bus is called in Arabic J =] Elhabaschi. And so the crowd.
Abassi and Aba (field name. That is the argument that they are not purified.
Ai3iora; c / r /, z3oias, but from there acquittances Arabia. For Agaamoi.
, are classified into Arabia, and turifera from the old Scriptorcs to Urania, with the Sic.
Phanum. The Emperor Severus, which was carved out numifmate.
ABA> HNON. Well fortified, Imp. dictus is to be between the Arabian, it does not.
Amharic., Whose borders are doubtless arising from Arabia, and the first.
Oμηάra, had long been in Saudi. Axumite later ,.
King,, fine metropolitan City. Not surprising, therefore, if who is with the Ph.
Antony and Ptolemy called ἀμείτοι Arabia undertook two Procopii.
Axumite to be. Axumaenim are in Ethiopia, "they do not A.
rabia happiness. Besides the language, quafacros librosscriptos have that.
back from the true Æthiopica so much difference of opinion as far as the Italian Regiment, and, traversing Illyria ': Ger.
the sleeve and Hungarian. But these are the tongue, which in the course divine, they do wear ,.
The elegant, if the culture is used. Is a 7V *;:.
fya, that is, the freedom of, namely, that only in a woolen shirt, and the Arabs to that force.
And doctors who infederunt Ethiopia. This, I know, it does not admit that the Ethiopian.
foot equal to that of Kings fuorum feriem haetenus from the flood vfque in.
Chronic properties in the manner described habent.Sed that is a chronology.
We chaotic, full ViFa is not the end of the beloved and you are using credit D.
Some cenfeo that has been agreed that this language is blocked. Teflo.
