
Nabuchodonofori fublatam stock. In Daniel: I, too, the stock of General.
This came about chodonofori fublata is created by Darius the king. Nabonidus called again.
This came from Megasthene, and even those who created King of the Daniel co.
gnominare the. However, the fate of obstinacy is not acceptable, Na.
bonidum be Medûm. Why? Because we have not diets. Another credit.
earned. On our side are the same exfpeétari the envy and does not end. even as she.
Never trusted by the Trojans τί μὰ ἀγ o7ti%%% α ἐaph3n, τὸ ἐ τις Sec. Sw.
$ φηpí. .
Leave του τ and τ ve / ti / τοτχμὰ τέχn] and Herodotus to the Queen.
Nitocridi attributes. See place.
E ta ^ ^ & laxaj exgrœ era] In Nabonassari zo6, which was x 1 x CY.
Ti, eleven years before slackened captivity, which occurred in Na.
2. bonassari 17, who was feptuagefimus a grab Coni'ah, and hence the seventh.
gefis from Jeremiah booty burn the cap. x x x 1 Jn. Then for the application of the seven.
About forty of the prophecy of Jeremiah, the years elapsed have been to Babylon. This is obtained.
Hum lost Chaldeass & acquittances to Cyrus. Then it starts.
Perfarum the first year of the Babylonian Empire. For strength and can not stand to nabonidus.
Tim gained fuifle Babylon, according to Herodotus, who says citizens after the disaster.
Labyniti her flight, albeit small list of many years, FEED.
exfpe and investment circumstances in mind. Why after a long-awaited Ba.
hath raised us had taken control of the fortress of the fefe of continence to the Nabonidus within the Borfippi.
tem for the assault contends that by which the submission of the maker, the rest of the Ba.
byloniæ fpatio of time with no less subdue, the labor of which he has need of.
was. This is from Herodotus and others took Jerof. And so, then truly it cóm.
Pleta were feptuaginta of the year to Babylon, Cyrus the king to Babylon, with the matter to be flexible or.
Then came. From the time when the Chaldeans spoke to him, for the government of the whole of the new age thereof.
Afiâ Conqueror. Rightly said T) The God of heaven has given me all the kingdoms of the earth.
This does not apply in the first Olympiad 50 v, by which barely treacherous.
of the whole line was the king, and the Mede, even late in office, he that was with trigefimus, and the year from the.
Coni'ah grab. This time limit by one year in captivity is no different.
A. I n o t ly.
which imperitiafm be broken through the police and who put the king of the whole, Afiâ they do then, those who have scarcely.
gripping the rogue xecpa; x) 'dragged on board. However, it was easy for them to Cyrus.
with nails of the time to set up the whole of Asia by the Lord, who had overthrown Darius, a Mede by ho.
He will entertain, and Daniel himself are witnesses, and no roughness Medi private individual.
son, King & King Median Median son fomniant time when nul.
was the right of a king in, in addition to the Cyrus. .
Karzate J2,3 9. τω λεκτω Acias, τίαι) Understand India, and less am.
end Afia. For avowedly not to the entire Assyrian, and the remainder to.
command, the Indian River vfque, possessed by this force and nabonidus to.
it comes off. So truly Herodotus: 9 Kj'ell al & w * R * ple, TJ; irss ότο.
aiea £ toihtw (3, Agaveioioi άτετός. τῆς ἐπή8 less Afiamman1 name.
festival wisely. · · ·.
Atari ** U £ τῆς λωσμέος & æ $ Aro%. & 9.) Herodotus more than sixty years.
writes of this battle, before the Jerof the less so, as he had received from the Chaldeans, with the.
to Babylon: $ tra (Kjpg ") Ἀλωε άί τω BA £ vxa'ia. ci% vxówoi a BA from that £ PA.
and a grandfather, a grandfather αύ. έτι ἐ άγατά èxaóyoy & ygo +% τύλια, σταζαλά τε όi Ba.
CVX & woi, No. icatum, ς t +%; μαχr "***» * $ Naz, a A DJV. Clearly, this literally.
for example, Jeremiah 50: 1, 3o. (Strong ßabylonis off pr.eliari: remamferunt in the areas Mu.
mild, astonished I ta e $ t £ vla of them. The king fortified with several fuore.
Nobles scfe recepifTe said. And below, far from Rome, King had no ,.
When City taken by Cyrus. And, not long before his coming made this said before, under Cyrus, He is.
Rum, comma, zo. You are my hammer to dissipate inssrumenta war. The CY.
ro clearly refers. The rest of the law, and the comparison with the beginning of Chap. x 50 V or end.
x 50 1 1 1 ■ Ifaiam. These things are to be understood by the Babylonians in Jeremiah God does not have, so that.
Jews are stupid and they do things fated to be refuted, who fequuntur. Why Jews.
Babylon is supposed to be captured by Darius the Mede, are trifling are merse ,.
It was because of this phrase 28. equipped with kings medium. & Comm 1 1. 1) God is brown.
such ssiritum Kings Media. And it is obvious to suppose the two kings, Cyrus, and.
Darius fashion. However, comma, Zo speaks only of one king. This scares.
The number is more natural for the Jewish fingulari and Media named.
show that the whole is comprehended by the command of Cyrus. And accepting Ifaiam x 1 John 1: 17.
The xx 1, 2 fully expressed, as Elder, that is, their community, and the media together.
in the search. Then to nabonidus inside the castle Borfippenam inclufa ,.
is a great deal of labor, Babylon was taken by Cyrus, Herodotus tells us that the perfpicue: &.
So it is true "as stubborn classified filentium from Jeremiah 31 commas.
In running come curfores messenger to meet a message telling King ßabylonis, VR.
BEM was captured by the (lord) end. Curfores means τὰς α} {4egt from.
wherein HERODOTUS. The voice is Peifica Nys. whereby the nºs for the nnxs epiílola. From there.
Greece is undoubtedly @ άβλ. Therefore the Prophet and curfores.
