
unless beyond τατεί & ς όgκες be to swear, saying, among whom he includes the Ko3%, that is, he says.
Iofephus d o9y 383% Moderately experienced Hebraifmi they know fanP effects.
donumfacrum. This entirely demonftrantur, Tire and Sidon.
fuiffe both Jewish and shine. And it is utterly surprised them fanétiffimum.
fuiffe iufiurandum Korban, so it's in either R-Jewish conflict, vu. Chaim.
la or Chaiadonai. However, at the time of Martial pronounced chialis.
verpe rights through Akiali. Since Jews listened chialis swear :.
For this reason, she thought ejse Akiali, that the Voice of Anchialus fit no.
tiqr than chialis. At the Broadfoot, a lot previously.
nienfesa puroTyriorum fermone defciuerant, as is shown here as a punishment.
the times: the matter of which € you pay on the side of the majority of the words of the Punic poffunt.
from the Hebraifmo ​​the things that are absent at more closely, than from the Syriafmo. However.
Canopie if we hear the opposite diet eftab ipfis penalties Carthada ,.
* £ T nnp. which in Aramaic, effcus rnET, NTP, Thus, part in iftis infra.
gmentisbene positioned priusconfideraffentqui that if we are criticized.
recounted, ijtaminiufte our fault rather than be humiliated muscle.
fenfiffent basis. I say nothing of others, whom not even the renowned, all, indeed, I would like to.
One is a blessing. Perera know myself, who are in fuo in Danielcmcom.
mentaries, and others of his & mein the first place of blaming him, that abfurditates.
all, by the beak above the confutauit, quafque none of the houses also of the mind.
proved nonfequor. And He, however, poftquam of all the adduétis fen.
Concerning peffimas quafque most ridiculous fcquitur which spring.
Twice caftigandus cli? It is, those who try to Sedekia feptuaginta his long years.
dcducit and Finish command in the first year of Cyrus, which cli in the first place.
Lev year Olympiad terminates. That quantumabfurdum he comes out of.
those that are above the difputata we train before. Finally.
Nothing in this contrived, so abfurdumab other cft, quodip (e.
not hath advanced, the better. Why is a chronology of Daniel in the plant.
that the boy is. First charger quamalios reprehendcredcbcbat.Quan.
inftitui poffet burn the book in a civil refute errors! Simihiex_.
cidiffentca, fcribit that he had said, I will not go unpunished tuliffem, which cli Ari.
ftarchorum mcorum baby and precacitas. Of course these things.
prchcnforum, quimc to be more learned they do not make, and public actions were not worth more.
I do, quamipfiveritatcm, from what they have that we opened: camautem iiliaut.
for the sake of imperitiamnon agnofcunt, either on account of the wickedness of diffimu.
quested. But on the other line. And this indeed DC kings of.
DC.
P R E C O O 50 10 50 1000 E N A. I.
().
h.
The bear kings quomodoilli from Daniel and Efdraerui pof.
most desirable fate v 1 in a book. Xerxes, there is the fact that they are with a Rf.
drain 1 1 1 1 6 fated excontextu ended deduced. All times.
Cyrus matter, and the killing of King Perfarum, Temple work is interrupted.
4, 5. the plumage is Dariuminitioregni affuerim inftitut accufàtionem.
the Jews. 6. Afterwards demanded by commas Artexerxes Mithridates ,.
& AlijhoftesIudæorumArtaxerxi fcribunt the Jews. 7 commas.
to such effect that by Artaxerxes him, at the times of the Darijalius, the building of a | m.
infantry. 24. In his killing Haggaeus Prophc by commas.
Zachary fourth and encourage Iudæosad need to be continued. V, 1.
The plumage is fcquitur this had overthrown Darius, Artaxerxes, also known Efdra feptimoanno.
impcrij, however, I was in the Palaeftinam mifit.Iam Darius the nulluseftpoftCy.
Rum, beside year of Hyftafpis. To avoid this, indeed, not to.
Gant. Here difturbatum the first year of Cyrus the end of the killing.
Kings of the four sub difturbatum, Cyrus Smerdes, Cambyfe ,.
Darius. Hyftafpis between Darius, and Artaxerxes, who can serve effect ,.
beside Xerxes? Eftmedius is present between Darius, and Artaxerxes.
Terga aids, fine, vtpronunciari be Oxyarcs, eftXerxes gods.
Tiff of the kings of Perfidis.Daniel, xi, 2. & eiusopibus and more powerful than the latter.
stories of Greeks trust. But the husband of the iEfter is called to be here.
country, and in addition, ditiffimus and latiffimo command that is in the book.
Efter. Efdra and then there is the husband of one and the same iEfter protector.
Efdra again present to the King. The husband iEfter eftXerxes.
What? quodXerxisvxorvocatur Amiftris, Perfect AmEfter.Quid.
Many different? Ettamenen xaxo% aw.en Fucci loliginis.Quidobiiciunt ?.
Listening curve, cöponcre.Si wear bid, they allow EFTX.
xes, then Mordecai, and then the grace valebatapud the King, it is not fiuiffct the work.
templiimpediri. Quptes modishæc confutaripoffunt, if tantieffent !.
Aduerfustotévayyîargumentaquemlocum habettamludicra account.
IE & tio? Quidfiorauitregem Mordecai and the Satrapasftetit that.
less than eDiets Regispareretur, vtfub Cyrocontigit? In fact, fiCyro by force.
liveth,, his cdiétumfloccifecerunt hoftes of the Jews, how much more should.
the grace of Mordecai had fallen on? Quidfine Iudæiquidécurarunteade matter Mar.
dochæum can call vtnon Mardochias fed ipforumIudæorum.
'Fault? Here XXXVII annispoft emiffum a necklace bastard dessert.
And then rebuild the walls of Jerusalem, Nehemiasaccipitnú.
Mass, they are not alone RCFE and conducts muroseffe, fedneminëdereficiendis.
Indeed care. Thus negligence, are they not able to gait Iudæisfub.
-among where imperanteaccufàtioinIudæosinftitutaeft, cumfub N.
taxerxe Memore, quiIudæisfaucbat, focordia in them was so great ?.
Why, why do, it speaks to hoctelumftringit, it is not perforat.Quibus.
 6 3 tOtX.