 For if that.
is a corresponding variety in his Xaxdlajaaiy, quantocunquc in time to that certain to return.
° done; I say nothing. He adds :.
-habet iftapriorum.
The page and the uncertain nature of the news.
Diucrfà of iftis bill and Aftronomia laws on the books.
ftare said.
For the $% think he sun in winter arising athere wanted ,.
Vtffatium Moon will return to old Harpalus IP / am.
Quick on / £ give each moment prissa reduces.
He thinks that if Xaoxoil; i5aov that of the fixed, even to such a degree that the faith a, vtipfe speaks here, in.
500 prifcasfedes long rcdeant motion. He thinks that if, I say, this is what happens, and ponder how.
docunque fpatium Moon returns. Yourfcif means mentem his native :.
When will the moon in fedes momentum prifci activated. That.
The interval I Harpalus nine years already taken effect, Fed.
badly, since a faster than a light is made iuftum ifta the period of the. We clearly cenfeo Con.
uerfionem Heaven vniuerfali be the same when it comes to an end.
diem and hour at which it was before. He adds fefto Auicnus this PE.
! G riodum74. '' O s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Rio because of the shortness of fallcrc so ci decade added to the A.
Melon. Real XTxgla $ & $ 4ayoμάων were held within άναδεκαετη24.
Ja possible. The hallucinations Pompeÿ called upon Enneaetcridos, lu.
um premises gods and is Aratus all too willing to oftenderc incrran.
ἐποχ'ιι components) ipfum effects of the sun, abfurd indeed, but still youngsters.
of the thing caufamconfert to cycle Mctonis. the interval δύσεω έαδα.
^ ® ® ® ®woy pipXiov be reftitutio, disk, and conuerfio others.
vniuerfali world. In this way, for he sings of the more elegant than this, than respect for truth :.
Scrape Tyøw% and Au. %, May σωαεύς) ηδ).
Pygaxovd% Tov xvx ^ α Φαεινὰ καλίοιο.
The passage ends as the smoke of a man not to me that Theon of him with all the affecutus B.
it is not surprising effects, while versatile, and afterward, he Astronomiæ.
Apollo Ptolemy amount of the Tropic of ex ncomcniarum year.
Reftitution collected as Reftitution HIPPARCHUS reétc.
cenfeo after 3 years O4. immediately possible. But these will be the fourth am.
more. It is open to those teaches writes veteres, 4% ^ uyd.
μ $ μα, Xavxa 5i5a3 to ninety days of the current year, putaffe. Li.
For those nineteen years as follows fcribit bro twelfth ;.
ά σε%; $ £ $ sign of rgo td dsege tlu) Xaoxoilasaaiv τοιάτα, και κα $ AA.
& Yower? τινός μεγαλον τὸν αἰακυκλισμὸν λαμβαkt. h) Xai av £ $ cuio, Mi.
των® & wiajlöv öyoμα% Oi. Doxa de j) J3 ά ἐν τί τςο} ῖτὰ ἐ πογραφά.
"3avua5 Jr. & intril4xáu%. % $ Dsege τω τε κύων, κὰ τὸ ἐπιση C.
μασίοις τοιάται συμφως τά γραφὴ, δόμάέ έγκα3'juã, and avoa ^ ά.
AI enough ^^% »y *% £ poi τά άπασεκαετ € λ ε λατράσοί ') * dAwSela ;.
What could be better could have been versus Aratcos to be interpreted? However deceived Bio.
Dorus. . For yaxd \ applies ¢ Tek, which in those days of action, e.
Calippica the rat, but not much more than a Metonic .: with the Metonic.
for five days, almost the Dicillo tartar of wine one has already anteucr Calippica.
tiffet that this fcribebat Diodorus. The book fcriptum ongoing.
He repeats the same talking about cnneadecaeteride gcntes Hyperborea.
fess λόγζ) of & τὸ $ εῶν (the Apollo) ό άγάπακωδέκα κα% y.
RA A; RLW JGW and ἀ ἀσιά έω third Xavxa% @ * iai τάλ dyo1u. *%.
δα% τὸ ἐπιακωμιαετῆ κέον άδ 'ἐγ άλλω μάγω όιλόν. δ. D.
μαζός. Remember this book and Ælianus year. What now.
Manlius, through you yourfcif PotC wants to understand. Metonem the sky.
verfàffe a new orbem, that is, conuerfione £ Xavxa world.
1d; gov over the new and revolutionary period * & wiadaxaemeiJ \ £ definiuifIe with.
the old Harpali mendofus and deceptive deprehenfus time becomes.
It is, he says, the new orbem vcrfàre heaven. And new.
   'World.
* The E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 2. z 5.
Aorbem period metonic understood by comparing old how.
Oétaeterida Harpali transported oftendit fefto grandmother. Enneadecaete.
ris, therefore, to many people on the names of the commentaries and Metonis celeberrimi.
it exists but it haetenus brand fuiffe little argument there are two ,.
those who interact with the cycle of the Pafchali the same, and the nostro to the vulgar, whom they come.
the number of golden call define it. Only for the seven em.
bolifmos and nineteen years, with the number of noftro a gold coin.
they hold office, with all the others it was amazing how will defer it. That we may not.
which the same fitus embolifmorum, not with the same of the year of the solar and ponder how.
Quantity: abfolute days' is made with the cycle of the Metonis 694o, difcedens.
a iuft a period of 2 hours 7, 6. 56. "4o." 6 7 years, so the time.
Btur moon the course of one day, 46 hours 5. 47. "4o." In the years.
Finally, 3 O4 Moon overthrown the first epoch metonic say.
the bus solid five years to pass, that embolimaeos feptcm or co.
rum, it has happened, do not poffunt priufquam fcire cycle, to its epoch.
And head to think. The ancient Greeks the winter, so it Cognofco.
& & taeteridibus Cleoftrati from o of Harpalus, the times of the fua ordicban.
tur, and to those of lees Rome, all the more easily separated from the decrements of the Tin.
ley hours obfèruarent, confeetus winter day than the amount.
mental, folftitio. Therefore, all of the clock of the Greeks of radiation.
reported reasons for the winter; and that Roman: until the first.
the head of a Melon nofter of all the years of people's interests, or rather with the.
Cepocha, describe inftituit clock, that is a folftitio. Vii.
