
They give charaóterem second Monday of February hocan.
Since, however, from the beginning, from ancient times, and the year 1596. Ecclefiastica no Kalcn.
push April, so regular Kai. March of unity. Diuifis O 3.
the seven days of April through the remaining two. that the unity Ka.
Lender April componunttres regular Kalen. May. Rurfusa Ka.
Lond. April. the IVth. Iunijexclufiuc days were 61 diuifa the seventh.
abandon the old and she twentieth of unity. March thing.
six regulars on Sunday. It is, indeed, are the method of the.
Of the Greeks, indeed exist, on behalf of charaeter the letter of the B. assumuntliteras fingularias
The Sunday as Ecclesia Church. Why confecutus literally at home.
nical initial letter of menfis, you can do without, and a third to concur.
Rent & regulars. This annolitera last Sunday Gains
I want to know how many holiday 2 May 9. In the former verficulo technical version.
Rum starting foreigner is known first of May. Therefore, a greater incidence.
pitalitera B & B is just 29, too, whatever happens feptimaaC the.
The Sunday version of this year, said May 29 was fabbatum. Do not.
to care for them, and meeting together the knowledge of which refers, vfum refpuc.
., • _Y.
1000 H o t e s e p 500 5 Act A A A A N V 1000 50 5 4 M.
 A. e prolific account the Romans, Itaxa% fiuíga are alike c.
• T1ex Sunday above the Moon excess, the excess days XI. Because.
fupplendum are added to the lack of, of the moon, however, that account.
άπax% diet, this is supplemental. Enneadecaterici year cycle lead.
vndecies. Throw O 3, where the number exceeds 3 a. The rest are R.
PART A: Llinares and taking a fempera the beginning of March, they begin a Ia ne fi.
nuarii, bifexti them vfus intervention forces. Vfus for them no.
scendam age Monday, as Computatoresnostriloquuntur, that is.
Greeks Toxiaja »aexfin. This year 1596 are Epaétæ XI. A day when.
We wrote, fexta September. I want to know the age of the moon in the day.
propofitum. How are menfes from March to mcnfem includes propofitum.
flue, so regularesadde.Itaque September will be the seven regulars for D.
"Septembrisfeptimus of March. Arrange the EPA and as the day propofitum.
'Add to the sum of regular seventh. Do you have 24. And so, by virtue of diesSeptembris.
This year 1596 was vicefimum quarter moon. The defiderantur to the force.
nouilunia next. So XII September approximately nouilu.
Art. However, will always be rejected O 3, when a sum greater.
more than 3 o. Turn the canon. Given that menfis and Moon ,.
"I want to know Epactas shaped. Dics propofita be V 1 September ,.
Lunada E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. »> 9.
A Luna XXIV. Take away the greater from the lesser. 18. Auferregu left.
menfis homes seventh. Remanent xi Epaétæ shaped. Where larger Hu.
will not be able to pull off a mere case of a minor, we must add 3 o the lesser of radiation.
In this intervention. Again, given Epaétis, Menfo and the Moon, I want to be.
Day menfis. Menfis in September, MONDAY 24 epactas xi. Aggr.
gated with a smaller force, the regular menfis and epacta.
Remove from more juice. So the sum of x and v 1 1, that is, an 18 ,.
z 4. Bring the remaining six days of September. This three very profitable.
Chronologues there are times to be investigated. But it rarely happens that aliquaex.
The chronology of the rules of these three points, it is necessary does not take place. .
* 500 1 500 v e r e s o e p a c t a r v M.
S e w 1 500 1000 Epactarum, which is said to qye AT 1000 ,.
not to be neglected in the give and the third with the Annunciation of the Romans, though.
TComputatoribus takes place in our own completely unknown to the thing. A refiduo away.
Regular day. You will have to nouilunia menfe propofitum. This.
1. subduct the year 1596 Epact x x 1 x. Regular menfis.
September, namely the seven out of 19, detraéti give 1 z for September.
the new Moon, beak above the other, as is the way of ostenfor. In the next EPA & St.
1. xx 1 will be subduct VIII. Deducted the seven regular Kalen.
c September will push the new moon. 3 O added to the radiation, so we ,.
Whenever larger numbers of minority rights. Withdrawn tens of DC.
38, nouilunia next year will be 28 December 1597.
500 E 1000 E C T O O T E R 1000 500 1 n o r v M.
P a s 100 H A 50 1 5 M.
 500 refiduum EPA and marigold alertness 17- and 31 Throw often.
</ \ Exceed the number 31. It remains to limit the Easter nice.
that. This year 1596 subduct x 1 x. adding XVII by.
ike to 31 days menfis March, left in the fifth April coast.
Easter. In the next subduct v is 111. Adding 17, vicefimum.
p-fifth of March for the Easter term. Why are 17 regulars visited.
cianturpro constant method, cause this is the last year of the cycle.
Epaéta there is consequently no Refiduum.Terminus the others.
April 17 is the year that they are constantly regular add all.
Refiduo Epaétarum. This method is very transparent, that hand.
li teaches bounds to the Easter, of the audit. In oétauo Epaétæ cycle.
28, 2. Adding subduct 17, the nineteenth Martijex rule of terms.
mis Easter. But for the sake of the anticipation of the vicefimum the fruitful Virginity of March ,.
For XIX taken into eighteen March-April. For in very deed, that year is out.
 Methodo58o 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a la g.
IMethodo, there was no Embolimaeus.