
First nouilunia enncadecaeteridis fuse ftatuiffe Σxjjo4oe /.) G).
agioxoud benefit humankind, as he openly neomeniaillius Scirrhophorionis not have been.
ILunaris. Year of the igiturGræcorum Lunaribus menfibus defcriptam it is not.
was, quodputauit for Gaza, neither c c c 54 nowadays, as annusverus Lu.
the nose, but c c LX bare minimum, so iamprobauimus. There was minor.
that year, he modusSolaridiebusquinque solid with the quadrant, then the greatest of all.
Moon again for five days, with nearly a third. However ccrtis loser.
the pore epochisalligatos fuiffe, nor does he rashly inanterioracuagari shaped incision.
tos and the proof is, that the same menfes of radiation almost aeftir.
There were so Hecatombaeon, Metagitnionem, Boedromion; the same also.
radiation equinox Munychion, Thargelion, Scirrhophorion. The same applies for.
cenfendum others. From Aristotle in the charger and Theophrastus.
conuerfione of the year attributed to Him, fuiffe certain menfibus be less true, as tgorg; $ E.
EWD; Hecatombaeon: záuse / thereto; Pofideoni. That there is no ficret, nifivni.
præfidio co intercalation and moreover a specific year period. PE.
riod we call it fast for this business, by means of which rationesSolis.
And Moon bear, and which, so to speak, for each page, makes bones in.
Calippica phase of sun and Lunaribus equal. Autfane.
ca is the period, which has nothing of the rest of the deratiuncula also the law: for example, in the aspect of.
bifexti takes place. In fact, at that time nothing is left out of the farthings of the day. A.
ptereaquadriennium bifextiIulianicft period that reason alone. What.
however, the Greeks and cuiufmodi period, and how old ,.
has been fcire it may be proper, if, indeed, I will resolve this præftantiffimae of the thing.
doétrinamconfequivolumus. And if the fanci fuitperiodus that year.
Graecifinestueretur, why do some fuiffe necessary for ftatuendum.
is, was, or Tetraeteris, such as Olympica, or none is. For what is the reason.
Olympick quadriennij it, if it nullatemporumXaoxatdsaosfie.
of appeal, I do not see præfertim, that year is called GræcorumSolaris not have been partakers with the ,.
nor in the quadriennijlegem would be driven to, nifiita reason of the periodicità.
poftulantc pores. But the beginning and the head of the Olympiad confidcremus.
~. FacilcD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 LIB. I 2 5.
A finemaffequemur easily. Its menfisprimus had a nouiluniumve.
fess and the fifteenth eiufdem, confeetus moon, Olympicumlu.
peragcbatur days'. It teaches us Pindar in Olympic :.
___ IO $ duT).
IIørgi po ßøμῦ αχόάτων.
Aιχόμως όλον ένταςμα19.
Ezváegς όφθαλμόν ωτάφλεζε μῆσι ,.
There fcholion old go and τῆ παστελλω ό όλυμπακὸς ἀγὸ ἀγέ), ἀτά άx.
xgjd% xdTM * (k fig DYI) xeioi ;. And in the same work: a DI a ws29, 34 s.
£ y & Aid \ ® Cexajz $ iegrów póς. The head of the first openly declares menfis.
Olympiadic into the truth of nouilunia to be guilty of times, and from all the menfi.
B bus, which agiaxoy9nu # 3 & fuiffe have already set a single first right.
Lunar fuiffe. And any other offspring: Llinares cffet no potuiffe, it is clear to pass, when he had to.
pleniomnes, indeed, they have been: & caui.In: Llinares, however, they are full of desirable in alternate years.
ueftiganda the system and method, by V x 50 1 1 1 menfibus mad.
military, quiomnes fully appropriate, of caputquadragefiminoniin nouilunia.
Incidence. This may be understood more clearly, so proponemusexemplum starvation.
liare account debts, as the crowd talking. Hocfæculo in annoIuliano.
nouilunia during a XIX of July in the year of the lunar cycle fexto.Annove.
ro eiufdem cycle x nouilunia results that on the fifth day of July, after four.
exaetor A prioreillo nouilunio of the year. The year of the Greek language.
conftabat; Oh 6 days only, anniquatuor erunttantum 144o.
100 days. Primusannus then begin a new Moon, which fell into the XIX ,.
July, on the first cycle of the sun, for example, x xv with version Sunday.
eftDSane quintus incipietàxxvIII June issue, on fextus, cyclosorum.
the first issue, while the Sunday version is 144o F. For a day for seven diuifa ,.
feriamquintam leave, which was on the first primianni Compofita.
it shall I make for the sixth, Characters of the year of the fifth, vtdiximus, in xxviii Iu.
Nij. Water returning to the day of July, where it is nouilunia pofterius, space protector.
seven days who fàneadiiciendi funtad 14.4 days, and so Tetraeteris Greek ,.
flue Olympic days 1447.Quid then it will be done for the seven days.
idle? whether the outgoing Tetraeteridis intercalabuntur? Minime.Sedcondi.
Tetraeteridis Græcæduos for days on end annorumfingulorumappen.
500 left say that for four years, O & outside numerummenfium to attend.
were tetracteridem and the phases conciliabant.Sedtamen.
His days he passed in the tetracteride adic & Titij Attica, they were not idle. A ten.
Three attic, making φυλαι called most of whom ® Ta% xdoIo ;.
every year in the announcement, the Duke of Somerset, and rushes on that tribu.Sin and fifty, that is to say.
round about five hundred by fifty of them, however, decide individually upon the day sleeping soundly.
they ruled in such a way that íumma matter had come to them, to be brought down. So it was, so that in every.
fifty years vertcntc thirty days to rule. These days dice.
Q bantut26 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
* ι'ωεία that are being τ, and the three flue φυλῖς. Harpocratio: A o dA.
c / fiuo iugges H7 v i guessed% 7%; dxoy% 33, J gidxoy% 7ráte, jàxdgm 4wX) Aegv.
% &.