
Syria has been on the Nifanabsolutus paraphrastae his book. However, some damage B.
Triacontaeteridos of such a method to clarify and Arabic. For they who out.
Tables Alfonfinis real moon menfium Arabian fč Hau.
kokkýzein poffe think so frustrated than one year Arabicos p.
so that I will send a inuestigant5 to prevent the error of Alfonfino charaeter of a new moon.
, which was the first of Muharram hegirae charaóterem brand or below.
will make a V, that had been the force, though she was so takes place in the code which Albateni. In So.
Mini Dionyfiano 1548, November 3, celebrated Easter Mu.
Hammcdicum, in this example the Hegira 955. Priufquam meth.
as long as our examine, we must know from the do not, that the Passover is two-fold.
bulonis plan. CAPITAL Passover, which yourfcif Behiram elkabir.
calls, and the phase minusculum that Behiram elzaguer said. Priuscus.
Schevval always celebrated on the new moon, on the other x dulch.
gia menfis final. The interval menfes two solid days. And Fane from.
the Cantharidae, on us, who have observed this at Constantinople, to that extent interual.
Easter noted that both the sky. and what we know from other sources.
"The phase minusculum crowd that funny and unclean feet ,.
He calls the Behiram Arraphoth. It is the mountain were not a lot of what is absent.
Mecha from the town, the one who was on our pilgrimage we will pay fuscipiunt a solemn feast.
minusculi that Easter Sunday. Therefore, etiamillud Paschaeo the name of the Cazi.
Behiram Turks called tar. Since Cazi Turkish language statement.
and the votes of people traveling. And I think from that plant be.
Hiram set the example of Christians and Christian D.
Quadragefimam he incurs always a great degree, in the toils of war, to whom Ra.
madhan Damascenusco refpondebat year that starts Hegira. PROP.
and our diet, it is customary in the new moon was come, he, the scoundrel has left his mcnfis paschalc ,.
quiRamadhan approximately fcquitur, and although he had solutocyclo Haga.
Reno old and rein in vagantilaxatis. The second phase i.
mitamentum is $ m $ αγίων λτχύλων instituit.quae myeia today EC.
clefiis. Constantinopolitana, Antiochcna and Alexandria feruatur.
Back.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 14 ;.
A Let us return now to the Turks, from whom they we have already said, in the year Hc.
Round and 955, of the 1548, the third day of November, almost se.
ptima, the cycle of the sun, 17, CAPITAL celebraffe the Passover, on the new moon.
Schevval. Ziv threw away all of the 955 remains the year 2 5 PE.
9 O Rio, whose regular Characters 4 3 2 5 Triacontaeteridis year.
the mark of the nominated and gives a new moon of Muharram, will make a 7. Schevval.
, however, the starting point is always the same day of the week, which of Muharram. So certain.
method. Fequente 2 3 again in October the same phase Constance.
tinopoli Council held Wednesday, July 18. In addition, the cycle of the sun; regular.
2 6. year adopted a new moon of Muharram was returned Wednesday. Therefore.
neomeniaSchevval on Wednesday. Sequentianno celebrated the third phase.
Btum, October 2. 1 on the first day, cyclo Sunday i9. charaóter 27 years to 5.
those who were with regular 3, abieéto feptenario, he returns it will make a first processing in the.
Muharram moon and Schevval. At last year 1 56o, lu.
Nij z 5, Tuesday, Sunday cycle and the first year of Hegira 967, is the same.
Passover was celebrated. The year was a period of 7 1 2 o. Regular unity. Cha.
Raeta year 7, two. Menfium the new moon of Muharram, and Scheer.
vval, the third day of the week. Nicholas Clbnardus, a knowledge of the language.
The steps and the restoration of the old, writes a letter from Africa.
Put, 1 year of the 54o, on Saturdays, and April 17 this year.
incurred, fuiffe phase Muhammedistae. Let us see whether quotient.
hegirae less fuerit5 whether the next phase, CAPITAL, an Minusc.
<Clum.Anni Christ past 1539. Dequibusdeduéta the stock 6 2 1,195 ,.
"Julian was still years 917 days 1 7 a. On behalf of the soil again.
This is mainly the smaller the years of the Arabic language Julian 94o ,. 91 2. When these things refpondet
3. Julian days are left v years, 17 days. Ij of the year are of higher degree.
Arabicistotidem on days 54 and 17 adds to resolve years of Ara.
bicos five days 2 24. To join the age of 94o, Day 3. Confer.
summa Arabian hegirae past years, 945 days.
z 2 7. Therefore the current year Hegira 946, which end in MUHA.
Ram Moon falls in May, the first cycle of the moon, and it was my phase.
nuscula. In addition, it was the sixth year of the tenth, periods of 9, O, of which the reality.
relatives; appofiticharaóteri 6 years of fextidecimi, they leave the condition will be.
BOYD cundam moon of Muharram, on 18 May. And Fane z 2 7 out of 365.
multiplied by 138 days that remain refpondet 18 May. Fertile again.
Muharram holiday appofita charm & waste Dulchagia gives neomc Thursday.
miae, mounts April, cyclo Sunday nine. Why XVII was the tenth of April.
MA Dulchagia, and hence the phase minusculum and feriafeptima. So FA.
Faith tie proved that our method. Arabian again in the Chronicle.
is read for the first time certamcn Muhammcdi fuiffe with the enemy lords, high who are.
legcm reiicicbant of the city of Mecca 5 Ramadhan 13, 6th..
 N o s e p h Ergo146 1 1 50 1 G E R i Sc'A
Neomcnia then starts its first day. And He began, therefore, that year is called a A.
Fridays 3.