
MEPKEAINON Xaa & ρέμον εἰκοσι Κόνδυ ήμέgò ôç. The Caefare vol.
Magxndówo cat /. of de igas said, μόνοι τὸν καιe Eid} \ άτες, ἐαφης.
*} Agonêmôe undads, τὸν ἐμβάλιμον Ἀγοσέγραφον (ztapewiypa <POV).
Mjg, 1000 E PKH A O N O N öyoμαζῆες 1, ά neuat d ggoix ";;.
& $% ^ ά λόγά from heights) of this wonderful nomcn with a Grœcum.
 . • * scriptoremD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 1 »;.
A writer of Raman In this ipfos Romans.
not a trace, indeed, appears to her, except I do not know what it was in Festus, I also that.
eiufmodi, indeed, is, that vnto this, in place of no light, to that person. Is written.
Now at the beginning Merkedonius »K & Merkedinus with neither men.
fem, only Merkedonius, or Merkedinum, the Fed and the day of Immer.
1cedinos fuiffe agreed on the Feast. Two calendar days in the ancient Rome.
there are no signed ,. 1000 E R K examples Non. Eid. July and several fequentes.
days, also 12 Kai. O & account. & Fequentes. Finally XIII Kal.
INovember. & Fequenti days. Diet A Goddess 1000 E 500 K E R N A Oh, that.
charge fees and pay penfionis, as it appears in men.
J July, where guests% and oiuov hung up and away from the building.
Bbus the other. Similarly, in Teutonifmo Zinstag, the Mercedonius ,.
Day money. The Old Gloff, Mercedonius his / oluit payment.
Intercalabant but after the Terminalia, that is, after vicefimum three times.
Day components of February. Varro min A T E R Li, and this time of the year.
final set. For the twelve menfis February, €%.
When INTERCALARY lower then men five days / ?. Pulse.
After Tcrminalia intercalari agreed with the bus soon afterward.
Bring terminal XXIII day of February, because of the twenty-five days.
ti and leave for eight twenty-three. Finally, mcnfis Merkedonius.
IPlutarcho, in the words of Varro said February that xa.
The men are intercalaris. In the embolimaeo, the X 1 1 1.
£ menfibus, is the one closer to menfi in March, this is the thirteenth.
mouse, is say, mcnfis said intercalaris, fiquidem five.
Rum says Varro year intercalario menfem twelve fuiffe.
By February, though mutilated, and now xx 1 1, now X X 1 1 1.
days. The (ane true. For Asconius Pedianus in it.
Milo writes Pompey c o s. 3 created by an interrex.
Ser. Sulpitio, of February. March, menfe intercalario. Stresses.
in ancient records and Lucius Scipio Afiaticae year 500 50 x 1 V ,.
triumphaffe, menfe intercalari, Prid. Kalcnd. March. Also grams
"Cornelius Forks x 500 V 1 1 year of Ligurib.
Eidibus. CDXCVIII. v year. c. Dxv. C. Finally, a former c o s. First.
 ID mum triumph of Sicilian and CLAFF Poenica egiffe.
in 500 x c c 1 1 1 1. K. interkalar. On reprises take, or what.
Tuesday you were in XIII menfe. The vetustiss. Iuriscon.
Cato supported verb. Signif. Even testifies, he says, between menfem.
calaber to be constructed from the days of the XXVIII. What if the intellexiffet Tri.
bonianus, if we have not in fuo Pandeéte pofuiffet, together with Him the place in you.
beanthodie Julian calendar. Cicero Leptam lib. VI Episto.
seagull, obviously Kai. the former may also be intercalary, dicmprimum Merkedonij.
 WQCat ,;.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 178 50 1 G e r i.
I
calls, as both menfis intercalaris said. , We are told, A.
and v is 1 Kalcnd. and reprises of thy brethren that I had come at the request of the former.
The letter was written in confusion in the intercalatio Mer.
Κedonij of confuetudine occurred, according to Suetonius. Of course, in 'em.
bolimaeo were thought to be from the day before the day of Termi Merkedonij menfis.
meed. Cicero to Atticus lib. force at the beginning and 4ccepi letters.
AD section Terminalia, from. Cicero writes the like.
This year began on effect. By the same letter, he writes thus: But in that.
I pondered giving to liberal to wear thin. For the Father has sent his writ close.
za / ic noted it, as if an intercalation does not take place. He doubted, however, Cice.
ro, Rome intercalatumne effect that year. In fact, in that it did before.
this scripfit, he begs Atticus to inform the fo do, an intercalation takes place, B.
or not. The following Varro know menfem thirteenth.
fuiffeiustum By February, that is, twenty days. Why does of radiation.
Terminaliaerant 111 days xx February. For when you were Merkedonius was.
Luke days only, then Tcrminalia were in XXII, and Regifugium.
of radiation were the Kalends menfis xiii, just as the Terminalia was.
Merkedonij day of last term. When at Rome intercom.
1atum prevents them from Varro, indeed, shall he knew, that they who are scripfit no mention in his.
tercalationis be done on a bronze tablet sub c o s s. & L. Pinarius.
Furio, A. V. C. ducentefimo first year. Cicero succeeded him.
the author of thing makes, as they are in all the things for the sake of their old services.
TCM is known to auetorem succeeded tellers, and even before that, C
or two days after, sacta are. For Cicero writes in the book of laws, and energy.
gentcs ought to stop. and this is an institution peritc from the.
Numa posteriorum bishops failure difsolutum effects. Hæte.
less intercalation of Roman. All the countries of the old ,.
