cumquadrante order, in case anyone thinks noftrum year.
nonfolum by Julius Caefare been made public, but also devised cffet.
It made it to the form, they knew, indeed, than they all, but one, and in the beasts of the earth.
les vfus admiferat haetenus nobody is adopted. In this way, as vfum his eDiets Cse.
{Arts, science and old, quit conferuarunt, monumens D.
tis we ought to, And then, some of the ancients have reported that, Olympas of that.
of the day, the grace of inftituto, quiquartam penalties; vertentc intercalabatur year.
Namcumannum a period of days; 6o held fingulorum years.
Rum exit the dialog x x 1 day intercalabant that year to his headquarters.
Loving sua rediret.Itaq; bienniumTetraetericis the temple profane the, four years, the true God.
Olympicis closing. And that we will succeed, until tetracem.
teridi principles nouilunia contribution to how the next book.
i. Mo ded E 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 b. 2. 8 5.
Like demonftrauimus. In fact, it is an older effect of the year of the solar knowledge is perfected.
firms with the Grecian Jews, which she judged that Strabo, it is easy sight proves that the Roman.
Rum confuetudo, who propterquadrantem years to the first intercalation.
inftitut, there bee any that Grecian than to live for a while in the land of Egypt. Ver.
For this reason we added the best of the writer, his pa come here, because it is very much to the point.
to-be. So the book talks in the Egyptian 1 x v 1: %% 3.
% Exit: έχονα ἐ ἐμάegς και ἐ τυκτός μόεμα τούς τάσκοσίως άκοy% τὰς.
íuígou; it; tlu) άντληρωσυ 3 & iavoie 36vE rules of order. αλλ 'ηοά% Rios.
άταυός aj§% d% ίς άλλησιν, ύς ἀ ἀλλα Ἀλείω, άς ά) forbids 9, 23232 \ oyoi.
zrapáz \ αρονἀ ἀ ágμ'w & v6lov € ίς%%% ἐλλωικόν it; I & Y vouyfiuz%.
Χάπ vuo aj§2 αμάγεσι% ^ demon "έαόα, όμοίως & ἀχαλάαω.Ab Aegy%.
3 ptii and Chaldean accepiffe admit, but χάς έ τ £ & W, as it wants.
"Strabo veronon it will not, but confuetudo ipfas Greece disprove. For.
who was appointed day by the agoTd; they knew defignare, in what way it could end in view; 65.
number of days, and of the fourth, beyond that Acceffion? Why vetuftiffi.
MA is this DJN (3, 37ra7: o (j§% d% from the year Solarisquantitate intervention.
Callippus then, fine Callippus (both find) Cyzicenus, MA.
thematic, which Aristotle in the first Philofophiae memo.
NES seeing a penny above the entire Méton readily available.
produce an abundance of going forth of the Enneadecaeteridis, and on this side Progreffu of time.
great as they were disturbed in a year's ftatu confequi enable the soul to be rectified with the year.
must it be considered a fair breeze, and the most beautiful thing aggreffus. so that there is no less to him.
'100 excaftigatione praise than finding out Méton accefferit.Sciuntenim.
all the ftudiofi, in proportion as he has had in the period of the price of it, to Palti, to whom.
JPtolemæus becomes known. However, there better be a trial period of Callippus ,.
how about Metonis Enncadecactcride, pronuntiarc Folet. Because in.
quiunt in four years, one of the arguments from which refultat Sunday.
who was detained for a day's quadrants as the confurgens, on account of the cycle of the moon, of four times over.
explaining that the sun, moon Vn47uoi with them in harmony with this.
distance from both the sun and moon by improvement which barely.
by & tor be poffit, may take. Nothing is more to read from the truth of another man.
I remember. What is the equation of the Moon, with the Sun? Eft him epilogifmos Lu.
to bring to bear, so that no one scruples, if possible, poffit; at the end in another way, so that faltemquam.
 , 500 pauciffimi lunar be left to argument. Therefore, the fewer.
Munday minute left, the praecifior the equation. Against that.
is greater than íumma scrupularia, the further away from the truth of the abscess is enclosed equation. Maxi.
takes place in the equation of the moon with the sun to ninety annisSolari me, præcifà.
Julian bus. He was smaller than the moon epilogifmus solar z 1. 6. hour.
56. "4o." This is exceffusSolis above the Moon in 6939, 18 hours :.
those who are of the year to ninety Julian. So for four cycles exceffus.
5. 47.46 SolisfupraLunam critical hours. "4o." Nonigitur praecifior.
 to the system.
S e p h o s c a 1 1 86 50 1 G E R L
is the ratio of the four cycles, rather than of one: the bottom of the% oXj far greater than that. A.
Men do such things they write, now for the first time will be able to learn what became of the period of the.
Calippica. The period Calippica Therefore, it is six years old and the seventh.
thirty, by which she judged that there is nothing left to be made of abfolutos Callippus minutes.
Since the moon is readily available, so that the end of days, 277 59, no fuperfit.
ύλέοχη ήλιακ) above the moon. For the year, Solaris cenfebatur 365 a day.
Pesaro with the quadrant. one quarter of a meton ncgle and burn anteuertebat.
epochas year metonic 6 to 7 years in a single day. Why Callippus or out.
Metonis pulled no quarter, and the four periods metonic ,.
each of which is taken daily quadrantcs & ti ing compofuit orders.
While house. Metonic there are four periods of 277 days 6o. About.
socerebellar four quadrants, exit the entire period of 2 days 77, 59, and B.
gyptiaco years to 76, dies 19, that is 7 years Julian 6. And since.
periods of four Metonic conftat, is in one the less, in the vnaautem f e.
Rio metonic are fyzygiæ 2 3 5, four ncceffario to be 94o.
that if He were all full and τειακο / 3fiu £ E9, cffet Day 2 82 O O: DC.
If the deduct the 27759, will remain cxccffus fyzygiarum.
depleted, that is to say, for fyzygiae 441. The same number of scoops from that shall arise: and which they so.
