
they detract years. Ethiopia to do this, and grae.
ci certain Grand Monk, and the history of Constantinople ,.
 out of which his books' confarcinauit, Landulfus Sagax. In recent years, for example.
»Christ radiation away from a computer Dionyfiano years. Therefore.
 Ethiopia Ægyptienfes annum 1 577 1585 opinion by.
 xxix day of August of the year 1584 .: menfis, who was a Year of grace, fine.
 Martyrs Diocletianea 1 3 oi the world, like the supposed equal ,.
7 O77. Disserentum years old world and the grace fecun.
as long as the computation of Æthiopicum, of the year. 577 6. Here is calculated ;.
Dqui AB c * V: straight, fine ögäöd'o% ος said. For in ch £ w; for.
price, which Syriacc $ 4 vnn said. .
Jahn guidance ") The first part of the account pertaining to the Moon. It is.
Now Canon ajcmiye9: 463 librarij fault. Some call the year.
Diocletiancam martyrs of the Ethiopians to the air, since it is more, and the year.
the grace period is meant Dionyfiana Anatalia Christ drier. No.
Dionyf well for periods of the year thanks be less trustworthy. AR.
Ethiopians are periodic intervals, 53 years old? deduce from dropping in others.
Dioclctianea and nevertheless call the year of grace. The Ethiopians jury.
Mmm 3 hmanen.
S A B B A A A (hrifii.) 7:63 ha5o ^ gods and sharing as well. For black men diemό9 @ 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
manenfès year of 1548, thought Dionyfiano year grace A.
2 oh oh. The year was Diocletianea 12 64 from which two abieétis be.
Rio Dionyfianis Io64 stays ducentefimus year of grace, for example.
He was propofitum. Aware of the year thanks again, one encounters this year.
Diocletian. At the end of Pfalterij that is with me, AE's own hand.
thiopum writing, NH? *: eih * t o% \. \ $. For the F% w **; 2 ° / fiZ *: Bazamma.
Iohami, Wangelavvi Metha vvata / AA vvaclethu Amatha mihrath. In.
At John ', an ongoing centefimo nonagefimo.
no. Set up 19 years ago with the O64 1 1 2 56 2. Fiuntannia Emperor.
Add disserentiam Christ and Diocletian 28. They are produced all the year to you.
1539 Christ, which was the year in which this writing Ethiopia. Diui.
1 2 56 out of 28. It remains to cycle the 24 who were in the B.
Giovanni, as is indicated in the cycle of the Sun and Plinthij. .
guatuor smooth) This irrepferunt IX of the canon. And so, repeatedly to one.
They give. For the ninth canon, irrespective if four equal, to be.
John the Evangelist. In his eclogis see it everywhere vcstig Osci.
Hight eclogarij. .
Amatque) a> gg v ^ ypafx the Horn of Amharic. So the call mi.
from the region of the wine to be called menfis wel known, by a gold, yea, the day ipfum.
menfis, au, however, as you have in the vniuerfam the context of Kalendarij.Numerus.
the defendant notes that nouilunia, a trumpet, to announce sentence of that old word for the some of the Hebrews were accustomed to :.
You may Pfalmorum Lxxxi. Perhaps sought from here is the name of a.
Rigo. I think ćq & # w * improper for bone ®v Diet inuer C.
f letters. In fact, Arabic »lax. Yep, it refiduum. That is.
Matquê is nothing else to be is what refiduum, that epaéta, he cuts off dc.
xxx, I do not give to several that demonstrate this. This therefore it is not true.
mouse voice for this cause. .
The first 7ikmithnom matque EFI) It is clear from the calendar. Neo.
meniaTikmith does not have a matquê: but it is the first xxx mascara.
* Do commißearù with refraéfariù) For if ncomcnia has Tikmith.
it would have matquê, that would be a golden cycle of the XIX, which is in xxx.
Mascara. And furthermore, when it comes to the XIX cycle XXVI 1 Magabith, cm.
Matt is a major Magabith nouilunia Paschal nineteenth year of D.
cycle and confequenter John Moon is the tenth Miazu. That fit in.
The number of Tikmith has been marked by a golden new moon of the XIX, the same in the.
Matt Magabith would be too conspicuous, and quartadccima Moon essec.
in xi Miazu, which, however, he was in truth the fifteenth day of the moon. Then.
Christians might be quite confusing, Easter ft x Miazu.
it was Sunday. Orthodox celebrate it in x Miazu, but lethargic.
And Tarija in xviv. they \ 'R 3; He calls them Arab _Âá]] Elcaphar.
VnumD from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. 69 r.
Beta XI. Reciprocal system.
A vmum Throw) method cycle Pascal ordered after diuifio.
end years of grace unity before. The cause is clear. For the first time.
The mouse cycle, when it is epaéta XI. But Diocletian sccun year.
incunte do, however Chrißi 285 cpaéta the XI. Therefore the ongoing year.
Diocletian was the first cycle. The unity of proindc Dioclc years.
raments rejected.
O & odecies increase) incompetence of his native places, shows that these EC.
logas descripfit. I have not read i5 ΓE, that is, six ,.
do not xviii. The employment of two neighboring epaétarum XL-two.
But a continuous matque discussing x 1 x. Remove from 1 x epaétam.
XXX. You matque six. Remove Matquc XIX of thirty. You have the EPA.
A.
£ urfùs as thy daughters Plinthiom) pertaining to the second account.
The solar cycle method. In Amharic membranascriptum P 1N.
O N & T hi, fine librarij that there is an error, it is customary, or Eclogarij, fine so far.
Ethiopia to write. Cedrenus fi τας E \ Nov Cai z ^ i / 3o; AATEP.
Koya aj§ Pouaioi; λόγέ). § z ^% t / 3® ®nuoaiæ, 34%% 'τε δύ ά.
A & / **,%% $ J & egr uring δυσμα% dτςyeg4%, e íyey4% # * rexo ;.
EI; A râlegyoyoy us τίτ © τις έ γgσμμῦ Ἀλύ31®.