 It is ~ ἐοςτω to be the Passover, perfpicuum is out.
Lord's words, the antecedent 8z juάς λόγός, ότι ίτι 11egulwός.
a, e o 9: 2/3 âgzâ UES), which makes clear, around menfem Tevet.
These diets have been. Conieétus John was in the prison, but in reality ,.
for the sake of Herodias' sake, a pretense, however, for the sake of the crowd, he to the disciple.
Rum assluentem her day, she was fufpeéta Herod. Auetor lo.
fEph: to whom be confentanea John writes: ότι κεσdo oi φλgorajo, ότι.
InToJ, z ^ € ίο / ας μα3ηές τοιὰ h Iaaiy, Sec. Felling Giovanni, for example.
And bonds was because nursed as Euangelistæ attest, it is not.
The crowd of pupils, so it will Iofephus. For John D. fummopere
worshiped odes. 1. Marco V 2 O and reluctantly ordered his murder. There.
dem 2 6. Matthew fourteen. 9. After John fupplicium, apace.
git Iefus into. Was not lawful for him, to be at Jerusalem, safe ,. In fact,
For celcbritatem place outside of Jerusalem were permitted to Telrar.
Antioch Herod. Matthew begins here with the message of Christ ,.
& Marcus. Easter third steps extant in xii Matthew, Mark.
2 • Luke the violence: for they are ripe for fegetes where there is a mention of the Icfu by means of them that walk on.
  IlludD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 '50 1 5 B. I. 55.
AIllud the first phase after the second journeyings into.
For the first profeétio after the baptifmum: the one after the John in the Tin.
Through conieétum. From there, the head of the 1 Matt James, a year later.
and. x 4, however, the head is said to be Iefus had concealed fč into the positions.
unknown, alone and Deferta in which, nevertheless, it has been fecutus.
the multitude of other side of the Lake of Tiberias. To this fecessus explains Matt.
Thae: that is, that for the first time Iefus would have related, or, rather, because of fear.
He had known that the killing of John. And so, he was carried by boat to the other side of the pit can be.
submitted. There miracle of the five loaves and two fishes out.
diturn. Both tasks, the truth, and the miracle was wrought, and the slaughter of John, was it just a little.
Bread is customary to happen, it is quite clear from John lees.
BTO. Then he claims that he will. En baptifmo four Pasch of Christ.
The fifth and last phase of the τὸ ἀωζόσμον έ τόειον in which A.
amb of the real for us if slain. Now it fingillatim five Paf.
the causes are to be discussed.
A P 100 1 1000 5 1000 N A S H A.
Π \ A phase II MV 1000 has Characters fuum, fifteen year paralysis.
rij Tibcriani, cycle Monday XI. The rest of the epoch appeal.
henduntur. A baptifmo fcquitur fast forty days.
in the wilderness. Christ's return to Bethabara. 1. John 28: YBI of Iefu.
100 John testifies. This explains why, to his neighbor, Easter, and not many days in each.
J terfuisse writes John. The first day of the messiah was recognized by Andrew infra.
; tre of Simon, and Simon the son of Jonah, the tenth hour of the day. The same day.
Simon called i k e p h Philip A. The next day, the house of Bethsaida be.
; follows Christ. Nathanael conversation with him. This am.
• John inhibits 1. Two days later, in the village of Cana in Galilee with water into wine.
l uerfia. Iefu here on the street Capernaum avowedly yo. So, as the.
jmminebat, to Jerusalem to them, it is customary, after the days of Unleavened Bread a few.
is returned. Iohan.Tf. 13. campforum same time, the bankers.
Rum Menfo explodes, institoria, canteen goods, cattle and BP.
Get the temple itself. Iohannes 1 1. So the return of Christ in Bethabara ,.
500 and part of the Jordan, in this phase, done in his first and productive.
checked with John. Bethabara, however, I think the same position.
fuifíe with him, who are Judges vii. z 4, n is called a n'a, adiacentcm.
Jordan's and ipfum waters of the springs that from the same lu.
Yet once gathered. Why poorly models for £ 3% * e ?.
have gr3ôz. In ancient variety that has prevailed in and out of it.
admoncat Ephiphanius, writes the year 374 and the Syrian and.
The Arabian Paraphrastes Bethany, do not Bcthabara may read it.
As a Tempus554 * p H 1 1 O's £ 1 s c a l c e r i.
Azymorwm the first time. A.
Fifteen year Tiberij Caefare, C. Fufius gcmin, C Rubellius Geminus.
c o s s. The cycle of the moon xi of x. T.
Thirty-five percent of the period for Alexandria embolimæus abundant.
Tifrum September IX, Thursday, might also tifrum Jewish 3789.cuius.
charaeter 5. 1. io47. .
Nifàm April V, Tuesday.
The first bread, flue John Nifanius, April eighteen, on fertile soil.
Julian year Lxxiv.
A true Christmas XXXI. .
Dionyfiani account in the present nine. I3.
IPeriodi 474 2. Iulianae.
ComputiGræcorum Easter 5537, ethicke compiiti moon.
552 3.
A first Nabonassari Thoth, "7 6: Pachon force.
A first Thoth A & tiaca, 50 1 1x: Pharmuthi XXIII.
Creation of events 3978, Krion XVII. Zygon 7. 16. 52 Scptembris.
25.
The year which Olympiad c 1, Ao / oiaixrj, rf dixa.
Sixth year period attic, Exc. <PN λιώφ τgaxd%); . .
Liv fifth year periods Calippicae, Mayvxy && YV (jtia; Rtfki.
Xaudi% xdτη. That was baptized Iefus is the Gemini c o s S.C.
This is the old fententia who tametfi this conference, xa.
Tiberius had brought down the Empire, and the hand of him: and we, and the year fifteen men. However, the say.
baptifminoncoriuenit interillos. Alijenim the force of the Ides of November,:.
others of XI Tybis, that is, v1 January, when He was baptized they write. These Bafilidiani.
