
And XVI September. However, it was fifteen times lustiniani nouilunia ,.
Since the first of September is $ mcnfis year Constantinopolitani.
l. epact need xn 2, which is unity Compofita determine nouilu.
3 ends fortnight of September. So for the Eleventh assumpfimus XIII 1, and for that reason.
£ adopted for the first cycle of the fourth cycle, which is epaéta x1111..
They are not, therefore, be removed from the cycle of Easter 1 1 1 Dionyfiano so on.
I March, which is the beginning of the year Ecclefiastica Romans, but against ,.
$ 1 1 1, when the current cycle of the restrictions that have the lunar cycle.
 Constantinopolitanum. The year compiiti Pascal CONSTANTINOP.
s Blitani, into which he has fallen birthday of the Christ, is the 55o9, as fuperiore, ca.
E pile is. The cycle of Easter Dionyfianus first. Con.
: Stantinopolitanae the tenth oétauus. Epacta Dionyfiana x.
Consequently, as calculated by diuifa leave x 1 x 1 1 1 1, for the cycle.
Lunari. But he leaves 18. Now, in order that he must leave 4, be added to, or v ,.
or X 4 of the slain. XIII are then deducted from 55o9. And stayed.
they say that 5495, the year of the first epoch of the Conditions of the moon, on him whom they of the Nativity of Christ.
STI fell. Do not, therefore, be forced to remove excess radiation x 1 1 1 1 com.
* I think the Easter less permanently total of fourteen years, and.
are likewise two historical epoch of servitude, and the previous, as the Passover, and for this wherein you stand.
Fourteen years diminished at the same, which he gazes at vocaut, what to do.
Method 100 is advanced to the Moon. Suppose that both the creation of the world.
ignorant of the gods, and the second, a manner of radiation Cedrenus, except Russia.
or the other particular place, where the I was the other in favor of this, forgetful of the semen, and which I happened to us.
Great monk. In examples of the Cedreni, 5494 from radiation.
the course of historical epoch to be removed, but not the 55o8, the year, so that you may have.
Christ, and indeed the first of September. For four menfibus.
faster annum think Ecclefia Greek and English Ecclefia.
They use the Greek Constantinople and others conditorc this history.
} Epoch. For he of whom Leétori should proceed with caution, lest the other for the second and the.
leaving. Otherwise, wonderful history and seek agitation. Cæ.
to witness this historical epoch only moon in the method of tartar Iustiniani.
500 assures that the method is not a cycle, the Sun, and Indiétionis. It is.
is calculated by the Paschal, however, of Constantinople, of which the beak above.
difputata is greater since the world of computing, years.
; 1 5 5 9. Calculate the Jewish He is smaller than one hundred years, & c.
toginta of nine. The result is, that calculation, each of them a condom.
m. You are bringing things that are greater than the dimensions of the credit FA.
fallen into ruin of the Bible, whereas the latter make much shorter they can do. There are other county.
the foul, as that one did, he decided to cx argumentation comes to grief, whom the old Ecclesia fe.
Hh ptuaginta366 3 1 1 o s e p h i s e A 50 1 G R I.
Christian Arab who call re]] i3 ° £ ° C) $, that is, A.
Air from the case of Adam. Of which there was no reason to be had ccnfemus.
Nor is worth it for him, or may not know, either that he knows.
500 E 100 N o t 5 1000 5 500 1 500 N i
VA 1000's strength among veterans from the beginning is not relevant.
International moved up, while other people from the beginning always been, and others.
said that, indeed, you seized me, but when it is thereby, has not been established :.
confpirauit, however, that of all the nations, in silence, in the confenfus, so that &.
<Ataclyfmum to trust and respect the people of the land.
Diluuij little of the rest of the race was, as some others are male.
Only Female Others are more, but only in small numbers, fu.
perfuisse points. No one is so primitive nation than that.
this opinion when on that too not after it had taken to. To the true history records.
without means, without neither a particular thing before or after him, cafum happen to be, they know ,.
they allow to do that thing known to have happened, to which to it comes to any, play the role of.
tion can begin. Hence, many thousands of years, and some m.
season empty spaces between them, as expressed by the ignorance of the season ,.
How vestutatis asseétatio. Hence arose are immensely Egyptians.
l) ynastiae, even before these ancient peoples which Hycfos, that is.
JFastores City. Here of China (China inexperienced call Hifp.
iii) the fashion king fue Vitey the king honog that year.
Viuebat 157 2, 4, 282. For years I suppose the Vitey to Tzintzom.
Lastly stirpe Vitey, number 2 2 57 years is that Mu.
ro is always around the time of the war the Tartars, by the China's disclufit a Pelopon.
nefiaci. From this, the honog think age 2 O 2 5. What top of the neck.
git 4 282 years ago at the age of approximately 1571, 1572, with force.
t £ y is a thing far more ancient Abraham, far away with her íumma epo.
After the can diluuij be left. Ethiopia also have to antiquity.
The kings of the NMOS care of, but the years of ridicule, of whom they think that, as a result of their.
enumerating them there is nothing certicolligere able to examine. In this way Graeciineptc of them.
old man was an error, of which the beginnings of they do not know. And so marked.
it ancient city falls, for many years, A n where Q A ,.
I either mobile or as two thousand, eight hundred and 5 Reg.
swum said. CAPITAL is a little that the time of the beginnings of things. And.
"So Troy was founded at that time and DD N ^ oy Varro grae.
leetionem those calls. However, this could be the Cenforini necessarily ,.