
the element of cult to be unmade, unless we knew it was the one of before, over and above, have later on.
continuous sabbaths: for two reasons, however, to have been abrogated; not in order.
name of the two day of the week that are continuous, but because he was able to happen.
s granary, so that it would be a sabbath of XVI the month Adar, they were, therefore, at that time, three Sabbaths.
continued. that it would be very inconvenient. Again to book Ester mil.
la concentration thirteenth month indication at present that day.
All the Jews revere remarkable fasting is called the fines hundred.
the instruments that we have seen in ipfos. Etfane.
to the recent observance of that it is proper to do when, as we have said, neither.
Esther comes from the instruction book, nor, if it would have been fatal blows or her joy.
Jerusalem would carry Ecclefia for his remarkable victory in the rough ;.
Macabæorum kind of after-xv, 37. For as ye have him against that day the gods.
cassent holiday, would have received if the food? And so the ancient to the time.
John month bus named Mordecai from the same place as Macau.
baeorum we know: even in this case, as, indeed, be seen in fifteen of the day ratioha.
bita, although he cherished so he commanded the book of Esther. Why on Thursday.
on the tenth day, or it is not for a long time, antnunquam hath taken hold on. This is the feast of Zo.
Chae, almost at the same time to cut the customary, in order Hilaria of the Christians.
do not you know that, vtris thus loosened, the permission. Adco with vtrofque lost Pu.
Dor. The Jews then sent himself and other parts of the entertainment. But even.
the Jews were not ashamed to take the Christians from those long ago: Why is Canon.
Dfeptuagefimus named apostles mocks εἰτις κλne / x € ¢ m.
'S & OI, J & Ogrim $ p $ Iadaioy, a D% χοίς τας ἀυτύ (e e iogTii, átæ, oïov d.
ζυμα, ἀ ἀτό τι. more accurately, so it μειδες they quartaedecimae adarna.
άαίων mine meant as a% d% y. That is fufpenderefo.
lerent of Haman, and its permissions are the name of the Christianifmo should dally with the con.
The Constitution stands Honorij & Theodofij Augg.C. of Ind. & Cae.
lie. Constitution be brought out in the Codex. Tbeod. And ha.
DC advanced and thin, fine, so it requires reeta performed, Oxyares.
quem598 1 m s o s e p e A G E R 50 1 1.
to be Xerxes I, which, can not be doubted any more. After that adjoins A.
Artaxerxen Efdra, 1 p. 7. & at the end of the whole of tcmpore Strait.
Xerxes was interrupted need vfque to a productive year for killing.
Of course, no one Artaxerxcs fcquitur Xerxes I, Artaxerxes, in addition to Lon.
giman; , not only the lover ever; and Darius, apart from when He, who have been called.
Bastard. Postistum and indeed Darius in the seventh year of Artaxerxes, Efdra.
, and went to Jerusalem. Is to grant the middle between the two.
By me. So Darius Nothus, in the year of the ongoing go.
Rum is let out edietam of repairing the temple, and confequenter.
Jerusalem. Why force. 14. Efdra writing is of the order of Cyrus, killing ,.
& Arthasastha Jerusalem is restored. However cap.iv.7, tototempo.
a matter of Artaxerxes the interpellatur the work. Another is that the Ahasuerus ca B.
pitis vi.14, from that discussed in Chapter IV. 7, and the fact that most other.
Artaxerxes fcquitur Oxyaren, fine Xerxes, precedes given ISTC.
, however, fcquitur reign of Darius. There is so much perfpicuus the two Aria.
of Artaxerxes, so that to want to demonstrate in another way, it has been, however, aduerfari. Zech ,.
the whole Artaxerxistempore, before Darius, is disturbed in the work. Chap. ].
14, Artaxerxi bidding continues after Darius, then full man.
Darius, Xerxes, phases, and certain race ARTAXERXES compounded.
they are away from them, the light of the sun, Lend to those who are willing to. In the second year.
Will be repeated in the Bastard in his eDiets for killing Cyrus, in the thought that the enemy faétione.
been firmly established. Efdra force. 1 and 2. In the sixth eiufdem annotemplum.
deem that since last years, Cyrus vfque that time, in 100,.
Oh terpcllatum 1 to 5 years, which are not chronicle weeks.
dccim. A further days, the absolute need for tcmpli and dedication celebration.
these qualities; the cubes fexti for killing the third of Adar of the year. Efdra VII. 1 5. At the 1.
Iulianus 4 2 94 year period, the cycle of the moon XIX, Sunday x Jews.
today the tifrum 341. 3, 7, 1. 464, vndecimaSeptembris year.
common logarithm. The new moon of the month 2 Thursday, February feptimi.
Why dedication took place on the ninth of February, feriaquarta: Hydron.
on the fifteenth annia the creation of the 353 o: of which Zygon, 5. 6. 52, Sc.
ptembris xxix.anno Nabonassari; 28, Athyes fexta.Hunc Darius fe.
provided by me. The quiaillc, Darius was shown to be ready to co.
gnomentum was a bastard, ergoiste Artaxerxescstis, cuicognomen of D.
μήμου, in the year feptimo Efdra journey to Jerusalem, and.
the walls of Jerusalem, in whose vicefimo Nchemias re-made: that.
not to be allowed, by means of the enemies of the Jews, under the second Artaxerxes, no one 'du.
bitare be that accurate IV Efdra folk. Therefore, the Artax.
xes, and one is by him, of which mention is in chapter. 6. 14, and the point in time; vi.
Already ostenfumest. So VICEF year Arthasastha Memoris incident.
Julian, a fine of winter of the year 43 28 periods of the pit: he that was with the Jew by breaking; 57 5.
 TifriD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. force. 593.
ATifri fequens year was 337 6 4. 19. 4o3, Thursday, in September.
xv cycle Monday XV, XVI Sunday. Therefore the new conclusion of Elul.
Wednesday, August xv11.