
tion does not mean that ensured in the case that the twin of Adar in the Jewish. For a year.
100 embolimæo month regular, is not the former, but the latter. Contrary.
year old Roman, menfis intercalaris not Merkedonius vol.
cabatur, but IP (e Fcbruarius. From what we know iurisconfulto.
has been shown elsewhere: l. When bifèxtum. The verb. sign. Cato control.
/ Mcnfem. addititia to navigation by an intercalary, all the / jue were shortened by for a moment.
when his / rescue, and ultimate day of February, making menfis Question J / U.
tins. AMenßs twenty days from the intercalares agreed O & O. And so on.
tercalares first referred to elsewhere warned there first.
Merkedonij fed to its February ordinarij. For an ordinary call ,.
For xx V for 111 days. Thus, when it is mentioned twice in the bifextilianno V1.
Id. is at any rate the first day of the intercalary ccnfètur did not, but later in time, out of it.
1. When you give 500 bifèxtum. Itaquc historians, astronomers and chronologer.
times, with an diebus in the assembling of the Julian, be on his guard, lest they be.
within these 52 years, falter within 50 V x 1 1 1, an improved cycle Sunday, instead.
vitiofo used. This amendment bifexti Augustus sacta Sccii> t.
That the form of Julian, Ammianus Marcellinus, does not Julius, but he drove.
Done attributed. Which is to be in vain. His language is obviously testan.
: they knew this was not stretched * Fussus Kingdom for a long time, "Roman and through.
fácula many obscure error then dissicultatibus involved premises.
Q q funda462 3 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 1 G E R
Establish mist flu and uaba when the power facerdotes tranfiulißent A.
stop who willingly or gratification of the tax claim.
Conveniently, the decision faum they take time to increase it.
which with the exception of, emerferunt did several other things, which escaped the notice of, of which the memo.
Mass now / aperuacuum think. guibus abolished O & grandmother Augustus.
Greeks / ecuti this inconßantiam correéta trouble composing / shipped • / a.
the dregs of the twelve menfium 65 hours after great deliberation would be colleâû :. Tiu
fiderum homes through twelve gods of $ / € urrens movements / empitermi ,.
amhi of the whole, the dimensions of he concludes. and a bi / he must also commendable.
viéfura and / stings, Rome's contribution mumimâ diuimi established. This.
So illc. But, as we have said, no one doubts, it is deceived.
500 E 10 100 E S S R H E V O 500 IS.
500 E N T E R V DVM years, Jews have never Kings source ,.
How to start from the beginning of the year have been very popular, that is, the Nifanius v £.
Hyrcanus and which relate to the seasons, the son of Simon, Ijar years, under the care of which they come from.
they thought, that out of the three, or four of passage, from the Iofephus colligitur.Hoc.
of the history of the Jewish people, not only to assert the Romans, under the light of a great, but.
Even under the kings of Judah. Indeed, through the tifrum will never be the year of historical fact.
orfi equal. The Jews before the destruction of the Temple in abundance, but contraets care of.
Only years Seleucidae a tifrum landmarks. Why with Herod.
King was declared by the Senate, the cycle of the moon XIX, however Iofephus.
He began to speak: and his years before the Nifanius do not, or Ijar cycle of the first. With an.
Likewise himself are Iofephus shows, the solids Isa years of tranquility, of which.
revealed by the king, XXXIIIo, however, eofque shillings, from the Hiero had been captured by the Sosius took.
solymis, deccsserit is not allowed before the passover, that has not yet Ijar in the Time of whom he wishes.
we prince menfium, in time Iofephus, obviously, col.
Ligia, Ijar next year, Herod XXXVIII calls to that.
in fact, it was the ninth tricefimus dicbus summer. So in this way.
XIX evacuated year cycle had ended early beginning as a.
This is confirmed year Archclaus, a demand that was not so yourfcif lofephus.
writes A & tiacum force arise tricefimus feptem, Julian L11I year. Ar.
Chelat eight years of solid noucm. Julian, 44 the year.
exaótus, is the first, or 45 at the beginning of Archelaus, yet, and, therefore, grade of HE.
rods, at the beginning of the first cycle. Iofephus is wrong with the excuforum ,.
vice scribes, Philip Tetrarch died vicefimo year.
berij After years of trigintafeptem required. Read it.
end any doubt eixosâ & D 4 / Rigg. The proof will be Vitellius ,.
Consult with Fabio Prisco was in command vicefimo Tiberiani ,.
octagefimus to terms with Julian. So he sent him again to Palestine, however, has been in place under the.
 Berio.
D.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 50 1 46 ;.
Are absent after the Confulatum, at which time the dead of a Philip, Tetrarch.
said Iofephus, Julian octagefimo first year. of which derive 37.
Philip tétrarchie years remaining Julian 44 years, the absolute.
Philip the Tetrarch the beginning, and in excess of Herod. In keeping with this.
Julian, 45, a fitting beginning of the year by sixteen words Iofephus 1 1 li.
bro, τότε ό έ Φίλιττό (d Hgód's iv ddeA463) τελ & ωτά τὸν βίον right.
sά μάρ άπαντό ά taeï 2gzí, íyna αμάρ® d 'ajro, these interests / rock (o e.
Tegzòvirid \ @ *% Towλdvi7id \%. Cumante x 1 1 1 years in the previous edition.
MC can be read as above the pofuit, eixóôïò ôéUTägg monuissemus ,.
Today confuluimus old Iofephus interpreter russina in which.
read vicefimo fecund year of the reign of Tiberius. So absolutely.
BHerodes Julian had died the year before Nifanius x 50 V, the cycle of the Moon.
at the beginning of the Sun's nine. This is indicated by solid arguments are highly prized.
