
We boldly that we are not alone in their language, but also.
In foreign tutiusillicredi than all Greek and Latinis.Itaque.
definat mirarido and my husband, why so many educated, and we are also the quinonin II.
Us learned, but in huiusfcriptorislcétioncperegrininonfumus, tan.
tumillideferamus, cuiusfides and learning in all clucet. Cæ.
by whomsoever on old wives' of the Eufebij of delusion, beyond this, than to.
modoprotulimus, fàtislibro fextodifferuimus.Sed to Epochasno.
ftrait, I have come to give an account of all of which the length of effet. About.
The epoch of the martyrs Diocletianea not poffunt to remain silent, eamhaéte.
Even less do and tiffimo impofuiffe is that from the outset of Diocletian.
All begin to believe. Here prodigiofi errors and magnaConfu.
Jum confufioim Annals and the fact they are derived, and prefer to pm.
2 ^ 3 ïnls "XT 1 1 1 50 R O P E N E G O 1000 A.
Min. In fact, the beginning of the Diocletianiperperamfumpto that a mistake too.
perfecutionis epoch engage. In ancient times it always leaves Aegy.
ptii Chriftianis has been lightly vfurpata. So Hiftorici & Chro.
nolog, who had begun to bud from an temporibusCaroli Magnidicunt.
nisChrifti with anteamos effect of Diocletian years of use, they err. For.
which all nations in the vfu was. Only a single Ecclefia Ale.
xapdrina and that illifubditæ ing this epoch eftfemper VFA, vii.
has been chosen and called by the Egyptians, who called Elkupt ,.
J.sj iij lo ^ \\ J Aju air • 2 / artyrum nature. For.
That is a mistake that lately £) Us captivity and turns in the dispute.
ns Alexandrinæ Ecclefias he miffis, annoMartyrum 1 3 yo that.
Christi was 1 5 9 3. martyrs entered the epoch nine Augufti, '.
ideft, neomeniaThoth Actiaci or Mafcarã Habaffeni, annoChri.
FTI Dionyfiano 2 84. The beginning of the Empire under Diocletian finch.
87.Diffèrentia anniduo 2 years, O & menfes to. The disturbance, which is in.
Confuli from the times of the Maximini, vfc¿; conftans for children.
m, eavtiqueabantiquo protector. But not smaller confufio through the years.
fecutionis and where there are great dóúxgy {A4 with Eufebius, though.
and you really sent from the beginning of Diocletian, and the first year perfecutionis.Ta.
In this particular, the faith of all the Chronologorum nutat.Namedi & mé tú.
Of the Emperor Diocletian for the surrender of the copies previously cli Ecclefiarum euerfio.
do not, euerfio Ecclefiarum prior to the slaughter of the martyrs. Happy African bishops.
fcope & focij was treated so fupplicio in Campania, quodcodi.
ces of the divine, that is, the temple profane the fcriptura to hand over noluiffent. Itaquein.
Aetis their fcriptum was έt du & adpaßionis us is the place to be.
ipfa moon in the blood conuerfis is the third Kalem.Sept. The eclipfe.
To speak manifeftum is lunar, the probability is that the color was, nor fangs.
NEUMES Aftrologia call cuiufmodi undoubtedly happens in Christ.
FTI 3 O 1, cyclolunæ 17, four years of solid command ever before.
ecclefiarum the net, and on September 1 1 1 will not be 1 1 1 Kai.
Sept paffionem four days after the others. combustion; upset.
eftordo words. Lcgend it seems, and duena e adpaßio.
mis place dietertio Kal.Sept.cum also ipfas Moon / steeping corn.
uerfia eft.ideft, quotempore moon failed, namely, the new neighbor.
May. For the conftet grown 3 Kai. Sebtembris and thus produce.
JKalendarium, it does not appears to effect error in the notation of the time. ATDO.
Baroniua this year to less geftaconfert 2 O 3, three annisantc.
perfecutioncm and yet think eumeffe productive year perfor.
of persecution, martyrs, who was nineteenth Æræ, decimusautem.
feptem running from the reign of Diocletian. But Aja% οιισμοῦ it.
 •. IllnmP R E G O O * 50 10 9 1000 E N A. ;.
v.
Annals of vodka propagatifunt in part from the errors of others Chro.
nolog, whom the author of fcquitur, and partly from the years of Church of Christ maleada.
fuam real epoch restored. The result, as from the beginning oh.
causes your death, to the times Nicenæfynodi, not just to a year of Church of Christ.
of the true epochæfuæ rent is made worse. Itaquetriennio at any time, for some time.
do four, two, and often is mistaken. Exam.
pi Grace: The Fall of Jerusalem occurred in Christi.
Dionyfiano LXX, where appropriate, with the new Nifanius neo.
walls Xanthicus tefte Iofephus. CHRONICLE the year.
7 2 Eufebij that is a mistake, but elsewhere the same caftigatu. Cer.
as well as it is, Fructuofum Episcopum, Church of Christ sake, and, with a hearths.
paffus year before Peace & interfpiratio given effect ecclefiarum.
AurclioAntonino under M. and L. ÆlioVero. The time he Eh.
fcbius confertinannumquartum Olympiad 1 c exxxi those that protector.
Chrifti Dionyfianum 16o. Paffus Fruétuofus is the year of Christ.
FTI 1 § 9. The other demonftrabimus. The trial Fruétuofi & Aetis.
fociorum read produent equal before Easter. February Wednesday.
fexta. Therefore with the letter B. Accordingly, this has happened to The Sunday there was a anrit.
1 § 9, three years sooner than the marked off. An in Aetia.
Dream soldier fociorum fcriptum exist, they nccatos fuiffe caterpillars.
moquarto the first of September, the day, time grain.
The Sunday version that had happened in G.Hocneceffàrio 3 O 5 ,.
He was the first perfecutionis the Passover that anniantecedente, post.
