
and then minutiones-year-old, or to introduce additions to, præfertim where the sovereign of a thing.
there is no mention? In fact, the fault of our own, have I no auetorem pof.
fum, warning him that he will not be the year 61 35, but was cut two.
the bus the characteristic of unity, for the sake of vfum cycle. .
Ilae, fixed and fax?) Epaëtas Sunday Latin computer concur.
parents, Amharic, and also to the old name of z / J $ joy calls. They ns.
Sunday cycle are known in advance and do the same doctrine. Epaétæ plates.
when they give will make a regular compofito of the day, to the rank which consists of matter.
propofiti relatives. EPA, however, are arbitrary, and flows, as also regular. However.
This argued that the regulars are always the same: epaétæ flue concur.
seeking changes in the course of the solar cycle. What then, either.
do so, and most desirable to you so understand it. Martijinitium year's moon.
(In fact, this is also arbitrary) are regular if they are united, for example.
it should be, because from the beginning of the year, fertilizing March in regular e.
they two, the third three reasons. And thus forward vfque the seventh. See vnde in.
you start thinking of the solar cycle, that is, the cycle Epaétarum. Started.
the first cycle Epactarumhoc the year 1596 by Kai. Martij.
¥ quota is the same day of February of the same year. It is D.
second weekday. So epaéta Solaris unity will be the first year fecun.
dobinarius, three, third, fifth on bifextum fenarius. And.
the fic forward. The boy and the plane. Our Maximusin.
annumComputi begins on the first of April, ancient Ecclefiæ. Therefore.
The regular day of unity. Therefore, if in the first year of the cycle EPA.
And interests, on the first of April is a Sunday, the EPA and insisted Sa.
a suit demand to the seven, and indeed it was then inutilcs to be, will be office through the year.
ajárax% ,.

B E 1000 N 500 E r. TE-1000 P O R V 1000. 50 1 B. 7. 749.
Aajírax%, that shall he speaks, that is, the end Epactis: qaia feptem EPA & AE.
with one of his regular compofito, they cast away their feptenariis, they give a covenant with the day.
propofitum. Therefore, they are not in the vfu Epaétæ feptenariae: but then take place.
Characters are regulars to the end of the holiday opc Epaétarum Sa.
Lari. .
Eταχlaì i and j is eioiy $ μίω.) Reet. Epaétæ Sunday with one subject.
gulari of March blowers make ipfarum day.
Therefore Epaétæ ipfarum day of the week Sunday, are relieved of unity.
te.hoc is that calls ἀλ μίω. Epaéta necessarily the year.
is to be the same as the Scria vltimæ of March, the biggest, as he also did not.
omifit. .
B Ayàtax%) have now shown that ár® dútax%, when Epaéta it.
fèptenarius number. Then a regular day and confer.
Regulars of the whole of the year, all the appointed feasts of the year, and so successively are Ipfa.
5. Are & M & Aφ Κ ip3a% n / ais μνός) years Ecclefiastica menfis.
April first. XVII v books under his name Clement.
ίτι; % Ζ) d) e & Jigg fixd}% 3% \ xdre μ'wός, άς άι Avgg ©. If April.
The first, then Mars, and Dvstrus is twelve. Sica.
nastafius Antioch April menfem first calls & Greg.
Turonenfis settling November mounts, August fifth.
II293 ALAI) Computatores Regulars of these, our leaders, and that they also of the Gentile τςοσ.
$ $ Fiuieg you call. Doctripa is only the Greeks and the East ,.
cnon of the Romans. For the cycle of the Sun's far more precious than of the Romans ,.
And quick learning through Sunday. And then fuperflua to do.
And a third Epaétarum dial, and regular. It is not, however, omiferunt.
the founders of the Annunciation of the Romans, the doctrine of the Annunciation of the more nc something.
wanting to me, that the doctrine of the method of the Annunciation of the Roman state than can be held fine.
perfect & TA viderctur. Rcgulari properly and naturally there are so many days.
unity, trivial version of A, are a reminder of the dice. Example :.
Kalends March notatæ are 500 version, which is the fourth consequently.
Regular day of March in four equal. So regular Kalen.
April feptem clear, because the letter g feptimi A. quiav.
ro arbitrary matter to be decided Each regular fed to them.
p EPA rules and flows Solares put in place. If it rich in quantity.
Regular letters are put in place, and the start of the year ,.
as it must, by March, Epaétæ Sunday in the first year solar cycle will be.
Two. But it has been rich in our auétorcm, is to be united, not the binary is ,.
Because there are five rcgulari of February ,.
no, four. According to the regular flue agoόla] IUI.
GA, born out of the Jew € diuifione * "*)% right, that is, from that day.
the bus gathered together by the first of April to the first of December. Regular.
  Rr 3 Kalen7 o s e p h 5o 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
On April, whereupon the beginning of the year, is only the start. From the gods'.
See day of April, that is, 3o, rclinquuntur 2 through 7, with reality.
April gulari make three rcgulari May. Dics April and Maifimul.
61. diuifa are five of the seven abandon, with that unit.
Innes, that is, when it ruled in April give a single six regular lunij.
So the others. In short it. Serial version vniuscuiufque quota is to be imposed. It.
gives the number of the regulars of the day without root extractions au & frankincense. A fifth of June, which is B.
A. The second version of the two means. vnitatc and the fienfre.
relatives of the fifth of June. .
Eneades CXA £ TMJ) According to the member account pertaining to Lu.