E motives and β ap. [Fap. ** *** [5 tvowJ.2 ;. Aap. 3 aauo. ■ zmarad.5, untroubled.
προεισ \ ay 3 Σ το * *. O 2 [! 7τοαει4M. O O ■ vosig. Oh.
 . i.
The board of New Moon Subiccimus addition to the Lunar fecun.
as long as the political equable menfes of the year, that is has been rich in menfes tetrum ;.
tcricos. This is the real Harpaleas Oétaeteridis J / n4o4oeia: quip.
cft pc which is nothing else, than to mcnfium Lunar with the same level.
That's no comparison here. So, when the moons orbit Gamclionis ncomc.
Gamclionis inhibits motion in the first year compofuimus not fail.
and appointed his Harpalus: (No one is Gamelion the equable, for him, were treated.
:) but the moon was the first year since deprehenfo acteridis O & Bar.
Palisade will not be opcrofum diuinarc stock quotes we Gamclionis smooth.
Gamelion is available to suit the new moon. For if he, by the grace of the Word ;.
neomcnia first Gamclionis orbit Harpalum fell for a third.
dicmGamclionis the equable, rcliquit wishes all ncomcniae eundem for.
F 4 grcffumi • •• •.
"68. . . E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
Greff fèruabunt For example omncsncomeniæ three sides and A.
they were. The more we know of that epoch of the head, but not the Oétacteridis ,.
How patriamipfius Harpali. However conftat start feciffe abruma ,.
that is teftisFeftus Auienus as translated into :.
% \ Nunclongoredeuntiafidera on my motion.
In pri / to mention / buildings. Has iftapriorum.
The page and the uncertain nature of the news. .
% \ Am the sole hibernation arising think athere wanted ,.
As the moon / Patio returns to old Harpalus IP / A.
Faster IM / £ give each moment prissa reduces..

      .
* * *.
From the winter incepiffe Cognofco & A and B. I άνεσετῆσα
which vocaffe; not that the solid conftaret for nine years, so that hallūcinor.
fefto be fed back again for the ninth year in the world: as.
pentaeteris & trieteris diet as long as they are, not from the numeroannorum, that is.
the bus conftabant, but those to whom it incuntibus Xaoxoilasaoi; Everyone :.
quaestiones he we say that the fever of a quartan fever, does not mean that interuallaha.
Beat the last three days, but that on the fourth diem, too, the world is again given.
So Harpali Oétaeteris admiffà of the Parapegmata & fignifica.
ftellarum adjustment, and this is the second period aegv @ eia3 which Athc.
nienfes vfifunt, Pliny also says fignification fiderum & tempeftas.
Then Agojjfiv $ Harpalo cited in the title of the book xviii she stays there.
of the claimed, as from the eiusparapegmate. Cumautem this Oétaeterisfit C.
29 days 24 days equal to the O & diuifa to give the amount of the year fecun.
While Harpalum, 6 days 3 hours, 5 t flue Aequin & ialim 12.
Why manifeftum the mistake is in the Cenforino, where the differitur of dc of the year.
Has been rich in the quantity of the solar Harpalus, Nearchus, Now, here, we read of Harpa.
Clear sky definiffe year for five days as fexaginta ,.
And thirteen hours after addition æquinoétialium. Ehim le completely.
caused twelve hours. And that no man can doubt that, the error is the same as below.
ápud eurides where the Arminon of Egypt to the thirteenth year.
Menfo & perduxiffe five days. The year Ægyptiusnon efttredecim ;.
but twelve menfe. Otherwise Oétaeteridi Harpaleas füpereffent.
9 hours and to fupr 3934. But there is no ficret equation. " While D.
dminis'æquationis to be made of the nature of the law of the iubeas fiihil rcliq fioraria ,.
or förüpularia. Only the bottom abeft intent to O & Hours,.
ccffione readily available when Lunaribus wall in front of it before the end of their iuftum.
O & taeteris Iongior happens in other places demonftrantur. "We Oétaeterida out.
EU & Cluf Enneadccactcris rate, and Metonis Which Proximedia.
ccndum was EudoxiOctaeteris unless we recalled them, which Metonisqui.
dcm pcriodo pofterior is; because of the nature of wood cognationcm.
£. i. • • i. continentif) E 'E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 b. 2. 69.
From the effects they supposed that the smoke of the continent for the rest of Oétaeteridibus fubiiciendam.
Deca igiturprius it.
O e e T E R T A 500 100 1 500 K.
5 10 500 e o i
V 500 oxvs Cnidian, a suo learned of tartar and Mathemat.
TÆorumprinceps into Egypt happens there for a year and menfe.
In addition, four integers, priests and Aftrologia the work.
dit, and Oétaeterida fuamconfcripfit that teaches us Laertian: $ τάλg24.
μῆνας τάς άιωτά διατίφάσα αὐτὰ ἐνθέμέρότε τω ίρω (legovzrj.
w'w) § 643u), τω άκαετηδίδακαῖd Nyag AV %% \ Vou.Is igiturcumin Aegy.
B PTO effect annotertio Olympiad aming & cclipfium intervals, quasin.
monimentisfuisnotatas habcbant Aegyptij, interfecompararet, disgusted.
And he laid hold fyzygiam has been rich in abeff banished Harpalus, closer from the truth, than to.
fyzygiam productive Oétaeterida Cleoftrateam. For fyzygia faith.
According to the Harpalum days 29 hours æquinoétialium 1: 2. But.
has been rich in Cleoftratum, indeed, the same number of days and hours, but also ;.
Only one hour later. The reason for the difference Harpaleas into account.
Cleoftrateæ difference is duplaquadripartienstricefimastertias.Qua.
lodging, maiufcula is made Harpaleas, which he brings about genuine fyzygia; Endo satisfactory.
xed; one hour after effects exceffus Harpaleas fyzygiæ above the real fyzy.
Lunar lifts, which defined the 29 days, 12 hours, #, or, more.
100 is the same thing,;, vniushorae. Idcoque system real differences fyzygiæ to play.
tion Cleoftrateæ differcntiæ, is twice the other. Since then Oétaeteride.