 Augustus.
Cæfar returning from Egypt arrived at Ambracioticum flnum year.
third Olympiad 187, and then all the designated site Nico.
Pole lighting celebration, the temple of Apollo, paying as nosdocet.
DION. And so, in the same Olympic, be five times and Apuleio.
c o s s. oétauo Ides of January Vrbcm fold triumph ingressus is.
 teste458. . E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
According Orofio and fequenti year, be with force, and Marcus Agrippa, go Vipfanio A.
Rum c o s s. In the first Olympiad 188, the first contest of Olympia.
woodpecker Actiacum bear celcbrauit. 53 die book: e tlu) ta /) 0.
2 /, τω ίπί τη τίκα τί τςὸς τὸ Axtio yoμάω φηφόάσω γαγε μ%.
AypiTara. W e αυτή τω to O & Ouido b) Ars II ztajd ay *% \ c. 7) αύόν.
ij & ya å7Toinzg. & Συτη μάλα τὰς about, UI & 3 374} νός, τούςτά.
αλgaiy ieg®aöiaß x from $ troyrj, uάλετοι. In the words of μάχάς ά ἐγίγνό see.
vuj translator μάέ be correct. Μάχς better, (b). Now the games.
long occupied Rome, for example, writes Suetonius, Tiberius and left because of fear.
fedisse sports Aetium Rome and Troy Circenfibus, leaders.
Major companies of the children. Now it seems to defitu in the time of Dio.
end. Since then, and it was an Olympic and ipso Olympics in Rome B.
Dos 188 first celebrity is, absolutely necessary that in the same year.
The first games ascertained Aetium celebrated in Julian.
18, 4686. I therefore conclude that Julian period to period.
Aetium same time when the Olympic, and perhaps the Olympics.
of which the first game of Aetium honored, Julian years for °.
the highest amount Nicopolitani term. The hariolabundi say. For '.
so deeply maintains a service Olympias which always full.
June respect. But when Julian forms admit Elidenfes years. "
strikes, and in July in the XV and XVI Olympiad celebrauerint not on u.
Julia, from the truth of Aetium, the year under a Tetraeterico were let into mere thrill with terror ".
whether he had changed. Otherwise, at the full moon, as we have said, always = CE?.
lebrabatur Olympiad, which was the last term of five days by Roger. For ''.
XI moon began to struggle gymnicon fifteenth of the Vltimus.
MA battle fextadecima if xeiov. TZETZES in Lycophronem: τα.
the O üμτια zates íuíegς ἐτελᾶτε, xaí z αὐλήης, μάχά άλη, ιά τςοε.
90μιαζ ό ττων ήμíe% N. This Nicopolitarum amusement of their own.
Constant concentrate defitu Apostata restored city.
the ruins of Nicopolis, which ipfam been disfigured ever re-made, as testifies the Ma.
Mertin in the suo Panegyrico distinguished, but in the Olympiad.
Julian closed deported. A celebration of the Olympiad and Tia.
After about defitu many regions, privfately Taurus, Florence & c o s s. Lu.
Julian angrier centefimo ongoing. For the year 4o5, Julian D.
Christ Dionyfianus 3 6o cycle V Sunday. The numifmate Nero.
sculpted utmost AIIOAAONI AKTIE nepon 1, in the other.
eiufdem c ο L. ni c o P o Lis.Item inalio eiufdem: AKTIE IIY-.
ΘIA.Illa PythiaIsthmia Eufèbiusait 2 celebrataanno year. registered.
And it was nothing more than Muficum certamen.In viétoriaigitur A & Tia.
ca quadruplexepocha: Viet class, Julian fifteen years: Thoth Au.
From the tastes and tiaca, in Julian XT 1: The first games Aetium or.
• I1O 10 6 1 I.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 459.
A no XT August 1 1 1. The Romans, who was Julian x 1 x.
E 10 500 E S T O B A B A 1 5 5 G S T O
 100 E 100 S S T O
50 1 C O R ongoing, and it once again demonstrated to be alone.
^^ foreigners and Greeks, but also and has been the practice of the day.
one intercalare and deign to give intercalation of the Romans of the said I should have been.
OLY 1000 1 P O R T E R N s vM 1000 A. 1 clearly shows that separated them from the Greeks.
This lesson. One day, he was able to stop in Athens.
indeed in the hands of hierophants, at Rome, and in the hands of the Popes, of which the cu.
Stacy fasti were not allowed. The Romans have made this fact, that the alternate Merkedonius.
x 1 x 1 x 1 x 1 1 intercalabant days, he laid open, be one.
Day intercalation recognize. But it is not always fuo a place, this estal.
, three, Merkedonius xxm the chronicles of the intercalabant. For once.
out of order, that is in common, that day was fingularem out.
difpenfabant disposal, and if the market for the first time Ia.
For whether I, or to the fifth of cuiufuis menfis.Quia nuariis inciderent3.
which was considered to bring ill luck, pontiffs have a day and to the end of the anniadiicie.
tant, old cast upon him in whom they at the fairs. Thus, December, who proceeds from the confut.
vndetricenum days had to be moved along, it became thirty days.
There was a certain day, that year άregíugg ©. What, then, came to pass the same day, fuperflua ?.
cj3α / 3ίας this bad for others. If he may be, and the year it was common ,.
from the Kai. Of January, when he was removed won over by the market-place, on behalf of xXIl of February ,.
they X X 1 1 I. That is, terminals, which are ex confuetudine.
In a. d. 1 v 1. Kai. March, one day anteuertebantur. If the year.
it would be intercalatitius, on behalf of the chronicles of the Merkedonio xxii, xx 1 days of this.
Calabar for Merkedonio XII, XX 1 1. Only thing was, and how.
ties incurred in the market for some Day. On the next one.
Day and ipfas Day, a day intercalabant. This perfpicue clear of them.
