  P r o G Ε 50 ο 1000 E N A.
do not Funt to the truth of pcrfuadendum arguments of so many of fate, the anger of the cft.
remhabere with them. A Cyriannoprimo the last killing work.
Temple diftuibatum. Efdra 1 1 1 1 5 From the beginning Affucri, quicft.
Xerxes with temporeipfius Affucri and Artaxerxe, vfqucad fecun.
dumannum for killing, I do not fammoras one of the objections, but of the false accusations, according to.
kings rivaled & Artaxerxen Jews inceffendo enemies core.
nonfòlum the work prevented, but Iudaeosin difcrimen the greatest.
width. Efdra 4, 6, 7, 2, 1, 2, 13, and fequentibus.Qua derc.
Zachary complained of in the ongoing killing of Angel: Do.
meme of hosts, quou / que no me / eraberis Jerusalem, 6.
of cities, which thou has now treats / eptuagefimus year ?.
En difturbatiofèptuaginta years. to whom locohoftes veritatiscon.
poffunt does not contradict truth. Darius son HYFTE dicentillum an effect.
fpis * Year of the fertile phase Julian Darijin 4194. Dedu & tisfe.
ptuaginta 41 24 remains a year, that is, the third Olympiad 47 ,.
I caught Sedekias. That is abfurd. Therefore it is, under what.
Zechariah prophesied, is none other than the Son Hyftafpis. Give therefore.
settling Nothus. Efdra has a xcrx, to the has been rich in a year for killing.
1 1 1 1 24. And after him Darius Artaxerxen another. VII, 1. Who.
is he, Xerxes, Artaxerxes, Pofi, in addition to the Artaxerxes Longimanus ?.
Darius, who postill Artaxerxen and Anteal Artaxerxen into account.
Darius Nothus three intermediate between the two Ahasuerus, Longima.
Surely, you remember? The words are Efdra had rejected before.
which is fententia attack. Conuin first Efdra fable.
cendus to pass, that I shall. Autfiego liar when Efdra ergomcn.
hat. Negenthæcita protrudes from Efdra. Hands dabo.Quamine.
pti they are, of which malevolent, quihæcncgant: quantoodio veritatishoc.
they do! Pereriumnegare necessary for Efdramcxtare, opusdei.
fturbatum fuiffe the first year of Cyrus, the last killing, after the DA.
riumtototempore Affucri and Artaxerxe, Iudaeosapud RcgesPerfi.
push accufatos, vfqucad fecundumannum killing, quoquidcmanno.
Darijfecundo temple ædificaricæptum, and after that Darius.
Another year feptimi Artaxerxe, Efdra the Palaeftinam miffus.Si it.
can serve deny, then boldly and nosvera dixiffencgato. Scdprofe.
cto only aeftuabit in the iftis and confute, so far as in fuo Belo, & c.
Dragon, and in suo Aftyage regc Babylon, Daniel Jemts.
cffet child, and in others, the MC pudcm, in which the fate oftendere ,.
quambenedc real Chronologis earned cft. Certainly, the quitantum.
proof of what works for them, not so much surprised if confidenteralia ability, for example.
at length, in the Cyrumnono annopoftobitumfuumediéta any of those duties.
wheeze. Surprised quodex Berofofucccffioncm kings of Babylon, and.
CX hcp O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A 1 x 1.
W.
Herodotus on the way home. Maluiffet, that out of the Ifidoro popular fuo them.
rcgesemendicaffem. But fate eumrefellunt that the slits, and the book.
By virtue of this work we have been said. Dariusigitur ifte two N.
taxerxes placed in laefaS Darius Nothus who ate and then made concerning the fate.
folymis inftaurandis. At a rclaxata the captives, from, say they, adfecun.
While killing Noth, annifunt CV and still live Iofedek and ZE.
rubabcl. It is strongly fenesigitur cos it is necessary fuiffe: that they do not seem to be.
Why do ye not think ye? Quaremirum, those two acceffiffe comes of age.
Levi, Kohath and Amram imoad her age, rather than by force.
give one among many? Hocargumcntum fated fue lococonfutatum.Sed.
very mistaken when Nehemiam, Efdra 2, 2, the same fa.
Nchemia with him, but renders the walls, the walls of Jerusalem and who are inftaura.
shipped. The ipfum and other confutauit. For Nehemiah fate.
folymorum inftaurator it came to the time for killing Codomannus ;.
yourfcif mention of which makes openly cap. XII. 2. At 2 iad.
Two women who lived under Alexander the Great and Sannaballetis Sama.
Ritan, quiad of Tire that Alexander, in the attempt, with the help in this.
the bus forces, and by that, so it could meet the temple on the mountain Ga.
Rizinus conftrucrc, forgiveness. This argument obstinacy in.
girdle demands, which are declining, and I was very hard. Poftremo.
impudentiæ it came as a head x 1 1 Nechemiyah lowest bid.
titium effects. What? cxpg and to, to say, Efdra and Nehcmiam either.
told lies is shown ejse, or fua the times of the ignoraffe. But why exfpeétandum.
cft: Analiud willing to learn when impudentiffime all things, which are made by Efdra ,.
Diet & Nehemiah ing negat? Therefore, Nehemiah dinum.
Iofuc payment from the fuum Faecula, five gencrationes 5 yourfcif.
Nehemiah did not potcft ejse is a man who has come with the Iofue of Jerusalem.
Behold, the dregs of the Popes from the foluta the captives, from the chief, to the time do not.
Hemi: Iofue the son of Iofedeck, Jehoiakim the son of his, the grandson of Eliafib ,.
Jojada nephew, Jonathan mentioned, ïàðû adnepos under Alc.
xandro still alive Nehemiah. IftiusIaduae patruusduxeratv.
Xore daughter SannaballetisSamaritae. Nehem.xIII. 28. calls.
batur Manaffes, but the former Nicafo. Iofephus. 1 x 7. Of course, this cine.
Nothing can serve Sophiftice. The survivors from the feptuaginta Hebdomadcs, wherein you stand.
Rum, for example omniumfereprophetiarum fuar, interpresipfeeft Give.
Niel. For beginning and end finger explained: principiumab.
