 And so, ean.
haetenus Jews retain the same epoch as fequenti chapter.
Chaldaicæ credit periods are now in danger from them, she stresses.
500 by Ptolemy. In Nabonaffari 512, Thoth IX, the.
5 to 7, δε δ, sun deprehenfus in 5. 1 O Scorpij. Time of year.
period of 4477, Digest, October 29, Thursday, Sunday 2 cycle 5.
Dij of the new moon day fexta. 75 year Chaldean vtiam.
didicifti, is 76, and the last term periodiprimæ Syromacedonum. Hyper.
beretæus September 16 on Wednesday. Therefore, in the Table means periods of in a manner advantageous.
7 6 4 years since the region Compofita charaeter Alc 2, pofito the board.
menfiumdabit will make a vi, vt propofitum fuit.cui it was agreed Marche.
 FWamioo 1 1 2 1 s c a o s e p h e r 1 50 1.
£ 352 5.cuius charaeter 6.5.375 vvam Jewish year. AnnoNaA again.
bonaffari 519 Tybis 14, the king was 82% αδικά • • sun outlook.
mcbat 6.io 'Fish. Time periods of the year Julian 4485, January.
Martig on Wednesday. It was the fifteenth day of the new moon feptimi. Is.
8 ,, less abieétis 76, is fextus fruitful period Chaldaicæ, accordingly.
Syromacedonicæ the seven fruitful. Hyperberetaeus 31 Augufti, e.
via a third, cyclo 1111. Sunday that Compofita regular fifteenth z.
Menfium board, will give Thursday of the moon fifteenth. Err.
Then igiturbiduo, and consequently in Ptolomee legendumzwöixë Z ,.
there will be no hesitation E. 2d03ixâ. He will agree with it.
When two month of the year 353 2, which charaeter 5.12.178. Or poftremo.
no Nabonaffari 5o4, Thoth 27, fertile ones 67 drex ^ ojæ B.
7, 4. 5o'Scorpij sun was low. Time periods of the year, Digest, 4469 ,.
November 18, on the first day, cyclo Sunday to call Ergoncomenia 17- 14.
November, feriaquarta. Hyperberetæusautemanni 68 Syromaccdo.
Monday, September 1, liquefying 5 feptimi. Therefore, ncomenia you like to call the third day of the week ,.
no quarter, which was agreed 35 years charaeter Caflcu 17, Fuitcnim 3. 5.
1. So 42 is the code for error Ptolemœi ,? pro3. Haetenus quæha.
buimus of the year at Babylon. QuodautemapudCenforinumdeChal.
daica Dodecaeteride in written form, although it means nothing for this purpose.
verdict, however, because he knows digniffima ViFa is, it would not have passed.
The words Cenforini: Nearly this size, which is Dodeci.
illiterate person, who is from the animis vertentibusduodecim.Huic year, in the Chaldaean momen: quem c.
Genethliaci mom to $ olive Lunaeque running it, because fêdad / eruationes has more.
Bent suited to say that it tempeftates frugumque prouen.
frankincense and fierilitates, also morbosfàlubritate / t; friends. HGC old writing.
Cenforinus on begging. Moreover, he understands, however, Dodecaeterida, rather than a thing even now.
refer Chaldean, stand alone, India, Chataij, Turkey, Syria, Arabia, Totaro ,.
flue are. She is key; <al.Schaichun. They think that really fterilita.
ing, the disease emerged with other home, vtscripfit Cenforin.Ideo fingulos.
Dodecacteridis years the animals names, which affeetus.
eiusanniindicent putaannumpeftilentemvocantannumSerpentis.an.
Surely plenty Leporemannumbellicorum disturbances, Equum.an.
whether a successful agriculture and Taurus. year starvation mouse. Not so D.
Ccnfor the sky. genethliaci declares its fuiffe döde.
caeterida, but also Marcus pole Venetian l.2.c.2 5. It is known for.
æramTartarorum by Dodecaeteridas proccderc. The first year, Leo.
the end of the title is observed fertilizing Bouis third of the dragon, the fourth dog, and.
so it is with, an explanation should, until the twelve years. Why would not one.
genethliaci requested by the year of birth, refpondet be born verbigra.
indistance year Lconis she tell the night, and an hour and momcnto. idq; diligenter.
by their fathers.
D E 1000 N 500 E r. P O R T £ 1000 v 1000 50 1 B. 2. vol.
A light stamps issued by fathers a child, and in some book was written.
Having twelve animals, this is the twelfth year, again ad.
primumfignum, hoceft Cyrils point. This diferte pole Venetian.
Since the nonfolum taught vfus Dodecaeteridos fed etiamapparet.
in the names of the living creatures in all things those nations do not come together.
The bull for the cow flue, is indeed fruitful in bringing the year, as well in the Tartar words ,.
quamin noftra Dodecaeteride. But Dragon is the third tartaric with.
it becomes the fifth, ours are,. The dog is penukimus ours, and the fourth tartaric.
The first is that a lion is tartaric, who has a place in the noftra Nufquam.
Ignatius, the Patriarch of Antioch, a man of perfeétiflimus, I have not to take food.
poff to call him three times, when it has been the doctrine of the miracles wrought by all this people.
B abfolutiffimum model, is addressed to me, then fummus a year.
Chrifti 1581, advised him to his sixth year effect Dodecacteridis ,.
Surnames Serpent. Also bring his words, except fear.
impair the fault of training. For it is not in Latin aflequar, that he had said elements.
gantiffime language fue Arabian profecutus protector. However subject.
Dodecaetericæ diagram of that period, five languages ​​primumab.
At that registering and English we then returned. .
N N N N A A A 1 1000 5 1000 S 100 H A 1 100 A 5 X.
O si ve 500 500 E CA ETE R OS 1 500 100 1 100 A A A Ld: AE.
CRAI.
Italians. . Syrian Arabs, Turks, persist. & Iegurati.
S 1 iEES. J \ 3 GVE J ** |. B.
