
observed in the hierarchy of fua. Besides other monuments to this argument.
the mind is not official duties. as a loyal Palilitium. he said that the Pales.
signs of dawn, cut, at the time of the Julian incurrcbat, or thereabouts.
xxi day of April, 'Then why do not doubt that Cæfar the old of the year.
creating a new epoch in to observe. And to this veterumC.
Critics, including the etymology of Varro April fententia. He.
cenfeant when the opening was an obvious indication of April.
Springtime menfem fuiffe such as Cæfar prescription. But because of the.
to illustrate this, it seems that not a little feruatio Beans refriuæ. For the beans.
the increase will take home the aufpicij caufâ. This fig.
but Kai. Juniors. diets in which the name of the Kalends Fabariae; The fact men.
J Beans matured, divine things he adhibcbantur. Qupd would not take place, unless beyond.
In January inciderct winter season. Finally Vinalia, which also cost.
three Veneralia, mcnfe Sixth recur for a dependent.
dreaming celebrated in August menfem fated to argue with a pen.
a tooth, do not come into contact potuiffè of the vintage, except in D. Januarius of the winter solstice
cepiffet. There is no doubt, therefore, if it is duly intercalation do so, but that.
Merkedonij intervening year, the head of the fuum return. But it is not.
duly visit the witness Seneca in matters touching on the Laws.
above the flow of the intercalation straight from Numa directions.
In a pontiffs deprauatam fuiffe. How so, pray: Shuah.
Pasanha, Cenforinus, as Macrobius writes of them write, Popes, who had owned.
tcrcalandi, acquittances of terms with the care of, and the correction, by one year, on account of the hatred,.
I or unduly from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 18 ;.
).
Marcus
i.
l.
1.
A or aroused jealousy against him, quickly went away in a whatever any one term of office, or the office of ,.
where they are published in the gains, but the contractors, or stolen, exhausted limbs, while the leaves more or.
nufue from the libidinc fua intercalare him, The thing which fell upon a mandate for another vitiofè tra.
& Taff. So there confecuta a huge stir in the Roman ,.
so as mostly ncq; mcff the feasts of the summer, and consequently; vintage in the autumn corn.
Petercam. In fact, from the cl when this license was to be neglected by, or for the celebration of passion.
nc intcrcalationis, will never be the reason for the years of the Roman occupation. Therefore, Cj.
I wrote to Atticus faepiùs the evening of the same request, im not a prolongation of which fell upon intercalation.
Experienced annumfequentem. "In his position, he said, because Rome.
spirits of the dead, the first thing I it with, and the præmumi, quaefo, so that / now lay before the annual ;.
I intercalation indeed. In other places, remember to care for yourself and for all.
Bnostros in the first hortenfis that year Moster stay / 2o stripped ,.
the purpose of the new state. This will give way, so I doubt that it will.
May I ask that bother me intercalation. Caelius SPEECH: Curio is very simple :.
because he did not get his way about intercalation, over to our ad populum, Oh Lord, on behalf of, ca.
He began to tell me to talk. If, then, even so with impunity intercalabant pontiffs have, for example, in.
tercalandi the ends of the time does not exist Him, the will be broken through determine the fate of FED ;.
it could hardly be otherwise, than can be held in this coming year, the head of the hollow of the ancient historical epoch.
contrary to the times of the peffumierit, nor kept the feast of Meffer to the summer, nor Tin.
demiarum in the autumn, would lie for what is already out of the satisfaction of Suetonius you were saying.
mouse. And this is true. In the first Olympiad.
xcr 1 1 1 Rome taken by the French report Dionyfio Halicarnaffenfi ,.
100 XT Kai. Sixth, Auetore pressed, full moon hangs around the solstice.
i.
[].
nentc, according to Plutarch. Now it was the third periods of the Olympiad. If the pie.
nilunio measured by the course of the first of the year it happened here, Olympias, who had Cafus Therefore, the.
taken himself are on the sham Olympics. Blow menfis Olympics.
x July. Matt doubt at the end of July in the City was taken as an empty and.
Miltitz and becomes, which is it, asks Plutarch, the full moon that in the Solstice at the incidiffe.
For the Greeks call solstice July 8, that is, xiytgov% from $ £ / y6y ,.
as is evident by the things which proves the period of the Olympic said.
mouse. Every new moon, Olympic and other Greece.
VIII states after July inqiperet never become so plenilu.
In two years as a summer solstice contracts. But how much faith and far.
500 Plutarch there used anywhere before. Others say menfe.
according to the last 97 years of the fourth, Olympias, who had been captured. Therefore XT Scirropho.
his plot, not far from the place of the things that was falling on the Solstitij in the xx v of Iune. But.
The Solstice and had known her, except the Plutarch of the course at Olympia there is no other. For.
Taffe, (which is verifimile) had taken some time to rctuliffent.
Sarguit belong to the V xx June, Julian, where Cæfar set sols.
components, in order to Plutarch he captured a city near the solstice.
From the first day XT. Id. August vctcr a year, to the end of the year dies.
Question 3 1 6o. A186 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G 50 1
1 6o. A full moon day, which is a twenty Julian July in a year, to get a!.
Then the year, the 1 59. The difference of one day. He at one time on the day, then, but sometimes.
The year was put out of joint. And, indeed, fortaffe in case when one day. For this could be.
In four Iulijaccidere now thriving and nearly full moon to. At Ca '.
into fetters on is the law of the wine of the of the hanging huiufmodi stands out: The place of vimis out.
AD Kai. O & account. the first will be given $ i mom before exportauerit owner.
wine is voletfacito. En grapes hanging Kai. October ,.
