 Clement :.
ci § Xai BaaiXeiJe% ßøîiaua6 G & J tlu%) iufeg yo% i% ot thank havx.
Rag & ofle; aiayyéwçoi. 44oi δ άνα, (O reflexoes; D * banana, CCL; Tißcpie Kajrap® ,.
τω τάχωαατω 3Tvê μωάς. But Epiphanius, he said, when He was baptized aego.
33 EID \\ w No μάia € "x3, Eßegiou; 1000> g </ σdó ídúgi. As fexta tenth No.
uembris feptimum menfis of the Jews was at that LEES OF WINE, thought, could he, and he did not do.
ing, except cyclo XIII, XVII command tiberiana. The estab D.
Furde. In fact, closer to the notion of fi us suppose that this was done was not able to.
Alcxandrea matter in the period when vtebantur Judah: I, except fifth cycle.
, All of which are childish. .
SECVND from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T R A V 1000 Li b. force. 355.
A. S E N 5 100 5 500 1000, 100 N A S H A.
the deeds of John, was it of the head iii tur, an interview of Nicodemus, discef.
 Christiex bus vrbe, tranfitus through. For, from Galilee.
JERUSALEM needed to go through Samaria tranfitus ,.
According Iofephus. Tranfitus Samaria fell into Menfo Tevet :.
as already explained. Also four menfes fupererant to harvest :.
Menfis to harvest the fruit from the Ijar Nifanius, oétauus from tifrum.
Conieétus in prison because of the number of interesting games.
B of peoples, that they wanted to be seen, Herod had done, so that the matter was one, however, for the sake of.
Herodiadem. Fearing, however, and a great multitude of the disciples should not, therefore, Iefus fuo.
Rum fufpeéta would like diferte noted Iohann.iv. 1. 2. 3 again.
into fecessit. To this effect the fourth head of John. Hence.
Matthew begins with the message of Christ DX αας ό ό Inga, ότι δ12a #.
w $ 7rap £ d \ 9m, akzógnora him; t'u) Ta ^ / λαύν. Soon after, JG Xτὸ τέrs%.
* Inyáς κngJoriy. Clare Mark μγ δ έgdo $ τὸν Ιωσυνlu tree ,.
Ἀ from $ d Inyáς εἰς τω ta ^^ ajaw xngvorw% & * ayyiXioy ßaoiXeia; %.
Θεοῦ. The trip Fanata son of a court Herodiani, productive course.
miracles that Christ is the baptifmo games. He again repeats.
confessing Easter have been plenty abaptifmo and Dectue.
100 are now considering. Writes John is the beginning of v μζΊου% lw.
£ h £% O? FIadaiay e aj3n 6 Inzás to læger avuä. A menfe Tcbeth limit.
one of the tribes of the house of the feast, on account of the things that God had a fist, on the other hand it is.
The. It was pretty certain, therefore, at all that she has been íoí the Passover, and this work also.
Ancient writers Irenaeus vifum it. And so, menfes three of them.
continued into regions when John in bonds conieétus it. Enter.
Fanata a therapist to whom and to O & thirty years of inertia.
spirit. In this city of ipfas attend to the gate than τ, σ & ατικlu.
He calls alludes Nechemiyah but it is INxn YY, that is, you.
λη τgo £ αττό the pool synna, as it turns straight Paraphrastes Sy.
country. It is a house of Grace. They are so called, because of the salute by divine intervention.
500 sick tangent. In fact, fell into the water, by Divine movement had immerfi.
Clinics in restitucbantur intact. The whole process, however, for the fifth time the head of the dica.
as well as by a miracle Clinici shrines to them. After the fifth head magnushia.
frankincense fcquitur abruptly course of history. For Paul the start.
by virtue of the head, making no mention of the third, Keren into Galilee, and his journeyings and, He began to speak.
the things in Galilee, the city itself, which is the chapters quoted from Matthew xiv, to Mark.
by force, to Luke ix is ​​being taught. This leap from the Apostle carried out ;.
Nor was there any need ca repctere, which accuratc and the copiofa.
  Aaa 3 days.
From the preceeding phase, the menfem Tevet, comprehendun'556 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R ^ 1.
Three days previously explained, were the only other ἀλειπόμ $ μα A.
perfequatur. I know experts who Harmonias Euangelicæ history.
contexucrunt therein described by Matthew, from the fourth to the fourteenth.
head, and like the other two Euangelistis treats in it.
time together in the ongoing Passover that year and the ongoing Baptift.
suitable mate. But just as there are reasons to be less ,.
Why could He not have done that, even so send us Cauf have not been forgotten, why do you make it otherwise.
mouse. We praise their industry, and we are still pen.
tentiæ not regret. For that to John James, Marcus force ,.
1x Luke states were better part of the V & VI John.
iicienda belongs to the third Xwod muiav € ¢ TaAAajay and when.
John himself is still hampered. B.
The first time also.
Sixteen year Tiberij M. VinutioQuartino, C.Cassio Longino c o s s.
The cycle of the moon xii.Solis XI.
Xxxvii periods of the year is composed of the fifth to Alexandria, the ordinary of the common ,.
A civil tifrum 111 Id. Oétob.tranflatus from Monday 1 V in V; and that tifrum.
compiiti today's 379 years of Jewish o.cuius charaeter 4. 2 3.556.
Tevet 11 Decembr.feria twenty-third.
Matt Nifanius March, weekday feptimi.
The first bread, flue John Nifanius, April vii Wednesday fexta.
Julian Lxxv year. .
A true Christmas XXXII. G.
Dionyfiani account of today's XXX. .
IPeriodi Iulianae 47, 43 '.
Greece 55 38 Pascal account for these compiiti moon.
$ 524.
The year of 3979, Krion xvii. Zygon 1. 2 2. 41 ', Septemb.xxv.
A first Nabonassari Thoth, 777: Pharmuthi XXV.
A first Thoth A & tiaca, 50 Ix, Pharmuthi xn.
Lev Calippicæ fifth year periods, MavXia && refloxad'exdrf.
C 1 1 The first year of Olympias Aa'ata 3yd \% i5ap $ 8.
