
clothing. But what is the same Justin Dionyfij of exile, the despot of Sicily.
in the same calendar year compare the two, it Sins, time, and he perfona. Loser.
pigs of a xlT 1 after 11 years of exile, it happened. Persons ,.
and?.
ON E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 51 4 ;.
A, which was not the case ,. Dionyfius elder Hermocratas the son of AAUs in the exile,
Dionyfius but this younger son. Otherwise, as far as this.
Son, as it is the first year the store Dionyfijfenioris ,.
as Xenophon writes. But Trogus or Justin, he had in his mind ,.
Dionyf the year from Carthaginienfibus to be flexible. Therefore.
Dionyfij to defeat her son probation has confounded.
In E 1 1 500 t o A A A A A 10 IS 10 E 1000 E 1000 N O N is ,.
A A A A x R x's, or, as is mentioned in Plutarch, Artoxerxes ,.
BAe well as Artaxerxes, the other, by the name Myfiuoyo; it is distinguished, as that one did.
From this cognomine Maze% E95. We called memory :.
μνήμων that it was manifestly refpondet also to the Greek: with the otherwise rather unuofixòs ,.
How μιήμω and Memoriofus than I have been saying. His.
Fumio death for killing the beginning of the year pcriodi Iulian 43o9 ;.
as we have already demonstrated. Of Artaxerxes the out of the way of definition, however, at the beginning of Achi.
iufJem asp year 4352. The interval years, 43 years, then died.
44 Empire. Plutarchus are assigned to command two years ago and fexa.
eighty, ninety four lives, I think, because the 19 remaining above the 43 ;.
tranquility with his father. In this way Ctefias had overthrown Darius, a bastard, a in whose of the Son.
Her grandmother was ruled by the age of 35. But, owing to which they are fu.
pra to ninety, which is not due deference, the father of the Communion;.
{ `.
E Y R 1 500 100 1000 1 500 1 N O P E R T S Ex 1 on E.
O c R Arcs duet cicutæ cup fublatus the first year of G.
lympiadis 95. auetor Laertes. At the same Auetore Xenophon, of Gryllus.
ou son 4aés) Kvga III dgxo /%> Uauer, III, driven era? .
Σως τέλὰ. In the year 377, Iphias Socratcs perishes.
Iphias 37 £ 6 a, n j Köeg, sunk period Iulianae 4313 • Artaxcrxis.
But, tcrtius ,.

1) 5 E P E N S i g n a A 50 1
D.
10 tables Ccnforiis first allocation of civilians, DC *.
prehenditab a demand of the kings, for he selected the city by the Gauls, at any cost.
In absolute numbers c xx. It is certain that this as a thing, so does the rest of the back.
time to first Palilia is controuerfum. Controuerfiaautem to.
ta ciin one year may be hurt by a C CX 1 1 l two years, and the other one not.
Regal form of government again. Of these, the two faétionum the other.
Rome wants third year of the sixth Olympiad, whose Fenten.
mm; tiae414 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Varro, L. & M. executing high Tarrutius Fermo, another A.
one repeats the first Palilia Year holiday. Indeed, one of which fententiis growth together.
IM.Cato. Old Varro Cato to secure ing the first one.
give the City Palilia launch the fourth year of the sixth Olympiad, Fed.
do not notice period tended to rule cxaétos year.
Russia. But contrary to this, from the same beginning of the Catoniano profeéti & fi.
Regifugij ends one year promouent. Thus, as well as fa £, so that Regifugium.
conferaturábeis of Olympias, who for a year, for the first time 69: although they are in.
the year before the accident. These fequuti Dionyfius, according to Diodorus, but the residue, feruato.
spectacled finch, from the first to the Rcgifugium the same interval and, by necessity co.
statucre Rome, the cradle of the first elections in the first year of seven Olympia.
iadis. Otherwise, there might be agreed for himself. Why is periculofà them by.
tcruallis defining point. Out of the fententia Regifugium.
4. zo6 fell faltem in periods of Iulianae. The interval is indisputable.
Regifugio provoked by the destruction alienfis, twenty years old, his ad.
IEETA appointed time for the City captured by the French in the year 43 2 6 orders.
gods Giuliano, 97 in the fourth Olympiad of varying age, just unfair.
98 components of the Olympiad, dgxoy% A% at £ IIv% O%, fine as it was before.
Diodorus IIvji & @ y. But it is a false hypothefis, and there will be false.
inference. Regifugium if it happens that we supra out.
it is pointed out in stages Iulianus 4 2 O 5, the City shall be taken year.
VA; 6, trecentefimus fexagefimus fifth Palil the City of usage.
nianis, one year is not a Catonian, which fententiarum nog.
Pliny sailing secures the book XXXIII, his first words to the others.
So, as a most of all there are only two thousand pounds of silver, when he was captured, and Rome was of ammo.
trecenteßmo fexaggßmo fourth, then when it is already free heads ,.
1 c 51 would be set thousand, five oétaginta. Because the number of words.
exprefs is not known to have been written by mistake was not to be a balance.
Rio must be consistent. Oh derive 12 years, about 364 left.
quadragefimus the fourth year running Regifugij ducentefimus PA.
lilib Cato. And in the City Catoniano 364, 365 now.
City varroniano taken, in the period of Julian 43 2 5 cycle of the moon.
XII, XIII Sunday, in the fourth Olympiad 96, varying. Plutarch.
In Camillo: £% DL if μαχη Aeeia 7: oTdg $ ce / ydg Ze TLU ^ aewialuo. i D.
zgórsg9 fiuigg. μάχα τd OG Awa%%% AE ις φαθες. τειακόσιοι γδ έα.
3 * * CA * Tjjuj ajjjnra. Of course, as is often said, Graeciper τεοτάς $ ε ;.
e / ytis understand nothing other than force to 11 July. charaóterem then ap.
