
1; »Years almost. And seven times for so many years there are 92 4. On 1 3 2 years are cy.
Giuliano di Solares four independent, and moreover a twenty-year cycle.
fifth begun. Therefore vicefimo year pcribit ynum bifèxtum.
Bifextilis will be the fourth year, that is endowed give double version.
minicali: quarumposterior incipietalium cyclumpost 1 year; 2 in.
As the year 133. For example, if 13 year 2 debueritex county.
a double G F fuetudine to have the letter, may have as much G: literaau.
 F F F fit3 t e p h o S 1 38 50 1 1 S C A G E R 1.
|.
Likewise fequentis F is the beginning of the cycle. So in a period of years 4oo, A.
in years 1; 2, 2, 64, 4oo, a double version assumctur another has.
fequentes will be discussed in a year. And so, the three periods of less and less.
z, are the two 13-year-old, indeed, in the former, and the third is 136 years old.
in the cycle of the fifth year of the two prior VICEF omits bifextum ,.
In the third vicefimo fourth year, is an omission that bifèxti. Because the truth.
will be back for us shaping the formation of radiation, now and disclosed without æquinoétium.
xx on March 1 have been, and will forward fate is, if the years.
Christ is our Computes begin examples Tacca, the age of Christ very much.
fit for Him to be, because it is the fourth of them, even the year of the bifèxtilis quifquc.
Since the first year of Christ necessarily productive hypothefim.
2 of March of the Canon of Nice has had æquinoétium in xxi, it was therefore, saint
Aequin and turn on Wednesday. B. For the letter there was a part in the Sunday Juliana
Therefore in Nice, the Sunday version of G. If G is.
a fourth c. The first year has had periods of the year 4oo li.
G. bone Sundays of the year 1 through 3, which was VICEF gray.
of the fifth, the letter ought to have had a double E D. But, from the confuetudine.
For τςοήγησις χρονική takes bifèxtum, the letter discussed in the year 500.
i ;; retain only £ 264 for a double E D. Rurfus year, even with force.
cefimo cycle of the fifth, it was suitable only version double B A. But B MA.
nebit: From the start of cycle 2 years 65 last year 4oo or.
has had the text at the fourth cycle of the fifth to cx confuetudine nus VICEF.
A double G, but it remains at fecura the properties fedibus G and C. rur
4o years O bus will start second period. That is our spring.
Julian bus technology to the solar cycle methodology was established ,.
Facebook Facebook logo Flaccus, on horseback, but Dorus of the flesh, the Bosporus was the lamb.
The method, however, he set up the first year of the cycle of the solar Julian bifexti.
applying the fifth, ninth, thirteenth decimumfeptimum and.
the fic forward. But it is not so, if the rhythm method of years of Christ.
In fact, not the first, but it is the fourth quifque bifextilis. And so, when.
O is made up from the three rather small period of 4o years old, the first of them.
The letters are the character G 500 G A. Since the start period, then me.
thodus will start from the first voice verficuli, namely T A V E T 500, which.
inima determined the root of the index finger, middle stump FL c cvs inima E Qyo D.
radicc in the bottom of the surgeon: 500 vs c o R A N E at the very root auricu.
home because there is bifèxtum. So tell over to all the articles of, until you.
world confummaueris 28 years, always bifextum small.
finger and enduring. From the years of Christ, therefore, are always thrown away.
4oo, as possible, from the rest of 2 64, if the number is.
goes 264 or 1 through 3, if smaller. The rest of the year divided by.
A8. Excmplum: 32 Years of Christ 5, abicctis 2 64, leaves 61.
 Abieétis.
YoT.
(.
3m.
JFE.
IUI.
I ;.
f.
$ 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 4 BC. 3 39.
A Abieétis 28 remain V. Since reject 2 64, then it remains Vltimus.
MA smaller than a period of 136 years, starting with the letter A, that is.
the voice of the A G N, O, to it you place in the depths of the root of the index finger. Therefore, when the nu.
diuifa just behind with 28 V »Council for the Sunday version c.
In the year 3. 5. It was therefore Scria the vernal equinox. There was controversy.
Julian is the role of Sunday c. As well, the inanner Julian and •.
Nice Rev. æquinoétium a year in March, which has the letter.
c. However, we require that æquinoétium year; 2 to 5 in.
xx 1 March Giuliano, this was done on March Julian x 1 again. DC.
cem, therefore, the chronicles of the Agoj ^ ai; There was a 3 2 5 years of Christ to this.
1 596. discussing the year 127 1, which are three separate stages. so.
Pque three three bifexta lost only 5 of 32 in the year of Christ to this.
praefentia 1596. Why æquinoótium will be 1 x 1 March, but an.
Likewise, as desired, in xi. The examination ipfum test. Groups.
And tie 4oo of 1596, as potcst, 396 of which rclinquuntur.
conftant derive 2 64, are left to the year 132. This is, four cycle.
& VICEF the fifth year of the embryo incipicntibus A, this is a voice.
A G N O. The Sunday version of Nice when the E and F c is made fexta.
From E, and plenty of æquinoétium hypothefin this week fexta.
It will be March 1 in x Giuliano. However dcbcbat to the XI. That is,.
absurd. Therefore, in this period of the year 4oo, Aequin and test it.
Rev. Martijtempore Concilij Nice, can not be together, and in I eiuf.
 In this same March tartar. But if the three hundred removed.
