
the start of the year Ecclefiastica Constantinople whose Canonifmi A.
are the penultimate and last March. In fact, what fraction Moon is in her of Genesis:.
agaphseij March, the plates are epactorum moon. What will be the last week, CAE.
épacte Sunday will be his year. It is not, therefore, epaétæ Solares, or Lu.
the nose, begin with the premiss, in September. The fate of the guitar.
a dream that, after the Passover that in which they begin to cycle. Terms of Quadragefi.
mæ still are in the previous year cycles. In the 64o Christmas.
sti starts up its year of 641 Greeks, on September ,.
The year also serse 63 3 5 Moony, who has two adopted ought to be diminished.
the bus, and it gives 19 6 1 3 3. diuifa a fifteen-year cycle of the moon. But the ad.
The cycle will start running here x 1 1 1 1. For fifteen fequente in March. Vo.
lo know the age of the moon, or, as we shall he speaks, τω τοειωσω τῆς σελ% B.
vii; on the Kalends of September at diéti of the year 64o, which was, at the beginning of 641.
rich in Greek language. According which is near annotauimus, EPA.
And flows of the moon had two. From the first day. March to August.
1 85. inclufiuc are throwing epaétas two. The sum of 187 late.
out of 29. X have advanced to Monday. Therefore year 64o, Ka.
lend.Septemb. x age of the moon. This is a moon of the tenth. U.
na new things that people think, in the XXI August 11, that is true.
At that time, began the year 61 3 5 aeræ orbit, the cycle of the moon.
rat xvii. Epaétæ Monday with a 11 V unit, and the first mcnfis give 9.
i.on Jn Isaac breathed his last on behalf of the moon. ~. .
Xao Aiox ητΙωά ^ ta) these years by Diocletian Indiétiones bu C.
settlement. Z 2 are to be multiplied by 15, which alertness Catholic 1 3 &.
Further Indiétionis year running. Fifteen years and two duets twice ,.
produce; 3 a. Matt xafioXixd and XL 111 years Indiétionis running.
27. What happens to the previous fummam lasts for years to Diocletian.
3, 57, from his first reign, the year of Christ 641, which was.
'3 1 Heraclij Empire. India and urged peraéta for take z 2 2 3 and fic.
forward. What is the reason fubinepta it. Namhodie, if I choose to.
to do this, to me, is a way for them infistenda, if the number of indiétiones from the Grand.
Monk derived, I do not know? Wherefore do ye, nonbeneImperatores for the government thereof.
to think that indiétiones not appofitum, ask how old stock quotes are indiétionis.
We are years away from Christ; 2 Top. D. gives the rest of it for fifteen diuife
We indiétionem imperial running from A.D. VIII Kal. O & account.
From this, the year of Christ 1596, dcduétis; 2, throughout the rest of the gods.
uifum gives 85 indiétiones tactical absolute, and in addition, an x.
from the Kal.Septembris eiufdem of the year 1596 as to whether the head of his indiótionis 85 ,.
If this is our dire Panegyri the first five years was constant.
nianum the year Heraclij 3 1, it was 14 indiétionis year.
2 of those multiplied by 21 indiétiones unto him his fifteen, which.
  •. he added.
 500 out of 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 7 5 5.
From adding a falling indiétionis 14 years, and in addition, x% x ^ Matt ,.
The interval from the beginning of Diocletian, to wit, in the first five years.
the daughter of Constantine the same road and had come to the year of the propofitum; 52.
Diocletian.
Regiéus, τας ἐποικίας) This is part of Canon conclusion. Namin.
Diocletian menfium years in the Egyptian system can only spend.
: they have one Diocletianea dropping in Egypt and Christians Koptipe.
culiaris it. It was inferred from the method epacts, in which.
The biggest this writing, on September Moon were caterpillars.
mam. Let us see whether the same as obtained by this method. Received.
dæ are epaétae Diocletiancæ and unity for them to be added only slightly.
B is the rule that must be taken further if Aoyta / a $ uu and, finally, how many there are.
menfes gyptiaco odd numbers, so many days you please. Antecedent.
Canon taught for 19 years under Diocletian diuifa give cyclumLunæ.
Easter is true. But the father of a cycle, as we have seen, he begins to tan.
Then the menfe praise. Yet why the initial years of Diocletian.
epaéta seeks old, with a fresh start with the. diuifis; 57 years.
Diocletiani through 19, there remains a fifteen year cycle to begin on Easter ve.
fequenti matter. It is still running x 3 cycle. 4. epacta quibusad.
from the perpetual rule of the unity, he καθολικ'ω, and also was a unity, proThoth ,.
He EF prime menfe. They are produced together with force. Seven new.
4. fever coincide with Thoth. So tοπωα% Thoth, that is, when the fourth.
100 {Compofita the Moon gives a tenth of that previously.
Kαι τὸ ἄμου άγμ'ιωδ) touched upon this book 1 1 1, also on the computer.
Aethiopicus. When menfes are τειακονάμεθ9 all components, such as in El.
kupti, & Æthiopico, not the number of menfes there are, so many Regulars of assumun.
tur components, such as the Romans, from March menfibus: but how many menfes an odd one.
numbers, that is, half menfium.Hinc is that the Ethiopian year.
pico, menfis has a matquê in the same parts of weight, tell me, in which the im.
a pair of antecedents. Then one day sooner has an odd fequens matque. Yes.
The two menfes same cycle that has happened to the rim. .
E £ r§ Xao Adair) Third account pertaining to the Catholic Church.
season. Surprisingly, our delusions. For those who are the year of Christ.
500 641 61 3 sets in; serse fuse (it should be in the bottom 61 3 5) with the same thing.
