
E is double the natural one orbit to another Sa.
} Cheerful. And the moon, of the years of menfes so much, indeed,.
[7].
Ih.
§ A \ £} \ $ * $% \ SS k.
% $ \ \ The ¥¥¥¥? Z § naturales ing year to $ * $ ipfeest;.
§ £? §%%% A • P: I.
§ down to the distance between the two fynodos Lunar ,.
 A id natural with cauffa menfis orbit :.
And of the twelve ciufmodi, the dimensions of 'the acceptable year of the moon, for the institute.
men. But, Solaris, and the tropics is far away from Russia.
the point of the equator, which, at the same conuerfione is defined, they are merely the elders.
Bral is also highlighting the role of the natural attributes such as desks.
twelve Zodiac. For two equal coelestcs menfes, as also to Lu.
this is the name of the nostrils of the heavenly beings are said to be Cenforino. But year in a match.
tea or æquabiles granted Coptis like Egyptian or Ethiopian.
, Pum, and Gelalæus, or in other unequally cavity filled fuperfluas ,.
Roman Digest, for example, is properly called natural. So from here.
natural stands out in two years, fine Tropicks, race, and indeed in.
tion menfe. In fact, it is a year of Tropicus, or the equable, or the Heavens.
love is. At the same level that menfes or thirtieth, vtannus Elkopti, either.
for the sake of some means by which inæquabiles hath it, That was a Roman. Hollow.
The enemy, who were parts of the signs of the Zodiaque, be bigger or even to themselves, but by the nature of the ta.
Clibe, is presented. But Tropicum Aegyptij day of the year.
Rum and five hundred fexaginta quadrant defined. Account.
feruantes for accuratiffime the rising of the Dog Star, because from the time.
The Nile is accustomed to the swollen forth, from one toward the other, the rise of the rising of the Dog Star.
beside; 65 days, the quarter fupereffe discovered. For when.
Sirius dixe9 %% rising notaffent: fequenti in the center.
by night, and, thirdly, six hours after the middle of the night, fifth again at the beginning.
  noet.
|.
| 2 28 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
there seems to grovel. Why Xw? * Dxg9w; za ala λῆς πόie%%% AITL) A.
dxogvyoy aio'® ^ u ^ d% jlíegy, but only four in 365 days, one solid.
accreuiffe observing a day. Nor is there any reason hocinuentum Aegy.
ptii to the Deity, with the Chaldeans, the Egyptians marched docuc to that in the rising of the Dog Star.
the spheres, which is in the æquinoétio still some distance to annotabantur. And it was not easy for them.
among the characters that æquabilianno vtebantur.Nam exempligra.
third, if cxeg) vyg) said: λῦ ΣάδιG%), or a dog, has been marked Paophi.
second day on Wednesday, said the same: DXE% λ} v% ^% in fifth.
to grasp Paophi day of the third day, the day of the week a fertile soil. And so, in addition to the four.
solid years of Egyptian, one of the reasons anniaccedebat. CAE.
So far, deuiéto Pompey after several wise men of Egypt.
dediffet the attention from iifque year canicular modulus didiciffet B.
From that time, in the animohabuit annumemendare, cuiusapud of Rome.
was sure to be nothing other than the form of the male, save in preference to caprice than hear the Pope ^.
writing. This, indeed, was able to bring forth, that was not first to bring forth unto Cæsar the ,.
Pharfalica fight until the fourth year yourfcif fourth Confuli work.
long thought to result led Rev. year cycle of the sun, the moon.
> "1 1 1 1 Olympias centefimæ oétagefimæ third, fourth year of PE.
Rio iuliani 4669, which starts from the first of January, Julian. It, Vt.
said, it was the fourth, unto Cæsar the Confulatus, who have been removed from command for himself.
Q. Fabius Maximus, and C. Trebonius, his fuffecit. But the year with.
fufionis, who anteceffit, was the third Confulatus unto Cæsar, Marcus Aimilios.
!.
`L.
"O.
n.
l.
In charming colleague who had menfes year of confusion as SUETONIUS 100.
writes, fifteen days, as the author of Macrobius and others 4.44.
With about a year old Roman difputaremus opened the year jury.
mani head around 1 3 or Z 3 Octobris as intercalary year.
was, or the common preface, the Julian era, the incidiffe around the beginning of the war.
li citizen of Pompei. Caefàrautem intercalauit first year of confusion.
appreciation for the day of 67, as well as Merkedoniumparem, who proceeds from the confuetudine for.
tein year it occurred. Regardless of the intercalary aboard 89.Qui.
the bus alertness of the year the manner of the Romans, namely, the dics, 355, taken together were fulfilled.
abiice small measure of confusion 444. Now the years of confusion, that is to say.
444, a couple of years, Julian, that is 73 o. 286 days are left :.
Julian, who was the first of the new year deduéti definunt 1 to 2 Octobris. D.
that is, the last term of the year, and those of January-confusion, we have.
anteceffit. The third step was the tenth, was the first, however, Octobris the day of,, and.
so the Kalends January in the confusion. VUimus December confusion.
, starts from the day of December, Julian. 50 xvi 1 Caefare days from the end.
November & Kai. December 3 December interieéti by Julian back.
definunt reckoned on 2 September 7 Julian. From the first. the years of the Roman people.
Noucmbris the end, there are 3 2 6. dies which joined two days.
MerkedonijD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 2 29.
}.
A Merkedonij 348 are made in one day from 2 to 6 September back audience.
definunt in x 1 1 This is the Julian October, January confusion.
He began by October 13 as he was propofitum. Therefore the third day of the Ten.
of November, December, he went into the Roman Julian's, And he, indeed last term.
Roman last year, year solar cycle varying vicefimo and time.
