
This I have already remarked that no one should be mistaken putet.Vbiautem is fimpliciter> K, IP.
E POφOPIO N, know that this year the State. But where it has and join the.
POTEPO clad 2> & A EYTEPO>, it is aussimus ^ ιμύ® year.
So> Kipp @ Opioni AR rTEPO>. MB indicates the year.
XX 1 1 Schirrhophorionem in the period prior to and after.
thing, and of the true description of the menfium c.Ex you see these things in the heavens, out of the.
fententia Metonis, Euétemonis, Callippus are: by which He disagrees, Eudoxus ,.
which are Dofitheus fequuti, and to Eratosthenes. For AG and m aiyou.
Eudoxius τεταςτη αὐγόφ 'metonic, Euétemonici and Calippici. Again.
τςατη bus Ke / @ $% ^ Eudoxius AXM Keu metonic, Euétemonici ,.
Calippici. Nor would he be surprised. For the Oétaeterida.
Parapegmata fue conscripfit of labor in Egypt. Aegyptij however ,.
cquantum divine Although Aequin and any other components of the spring hæte.
nus had understanding of, in addition to the Nabonassari, that man incurred in xxviii.
March, which was initially Nabonassari Paophi fedes moons. side.
today the new Nifanius Solaris Samaritan. For whom.
Oétaeterida be broken through in the time of Eudoxus was down, and wrote, it is not only the artisan.
a dream that was in fact true winter festival flora confeetus been fed.
doétiores in the future, too, almost all the Aegyptij, too, you have believed.
in the IfII always be performed with the winter solstice, when in fact the menfes of the Egyptians.
wanderers they were: And at last with bitter reproaches which error we have tried to Eratosth.
all the commentary fuo in Oétaeterida of Eudoxus: but in vain, so far as.
We can smell out a double. Æquinoótium of autumn.
Dle of Parapegmata attics true Æquinoétium versatile in.
strumentis Sciotericum from him deprehenfum; hence they are yourfcif Hipparchus in.
O4 his native received a period of 3 years and parapegma fuum.
Pliny Eighteen Books and faithfully Attic for this Parapegmata.
leads, but almost all of them on one day the faster, and a description of that which it has of this.
Parapegmata. You will find that all things are true by the fact that, fiquidem Ph.
nianacum them contend. But the righteousness which is of Cæsaris Parapegmata from him in the ears.
they are led, almost in the omnibusab Ouidianis when I depart. And they can not ipfum.
O S P H E L mirari2 6 6 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
should not be surprised. For many of the old Ovid parapegma A.
but not to the Sofigenis, sequi be a full confession. When we come to be celebrated for their ,.
who parapegmata scripfiflènt made, this would be expatiatus, fubiicit finally ;.
We also% / ub leaders attribute to them a charge ,.
Ponemufque errands for Fua / day signs.
There is a book called Ptolemœi from rising and occafu fiderum, from Latin.
Nie. Leonico conuerfis likes Ouidioita agreed that another.
comes from the other of a loan on much believe them. And Fane surprise, if the fetus is Ptolemœi.
the instant that book, as the title of the bears, and confirms to the lexicon Suidas, as well as those who fa &, as that one did.
The Romans, rather than that of Aetium, of the Alexandrians, fuorum vfus takes place.
menfibus? I can not cease to wonder the fate of this point I am: and yet, thou rather parapeg.
ma I see the Roman, and Egyptian, beyond the LEES OF WINE Pw B. &
Lema. I would to God, however, had been supplied in Greek, fiquidem day, even in quibufdam.
Italy libraries remains. But when Scidas say Ptolemæum two.
dvów scripfissè Aë qoaco6 dz, ^ the books, the book does not seem to exist in a place, that is.
generally exhibited. Therefore never will be able to be brought forward, so that I will believe dares not.
maeï it; And older, as we said, it seems. Mendofe the Ila;%.
Foe more than thirty days in Parapegmata Attic. where fa.
And then, to put in place æquinoétium spring Metonis XXIV March ,.
when he should have in the xxvi: the winter solstice of December, however, in xxv, it is not, where.
since, in xxvi. Seven to 27 Aequin and components in autumn.
fever, (that is æquinoétium hipparchos) is at 28. At So.
Attaching Mctonis and winter, and spring retained æquinoétium, 100.
three times with fubinde be better the people, there is nothing other than the dubitare declaring that they were.
But, behold the delusion of all of them, to say nothing of one Sofige.
end. Haeferat on their minds, Aequin & Tia, winter and summer solstice.
which in four oétauis parts of the Dodecatemoriorum. And so, quiain xxv ,.
March achieved a loyal Aequin tiV and, therefore, Because we xx V Mar.
O & Taua tiV the ram and therefore the beginning of March eighteen A.
Riet, 1 x v 1 June, the start of Cancer, XT 1 September 1 beginning of a book ,.
Matt deniq; Decembrisinitium Capricorn. This was opinioSofige.
end Varro Ouidij, Columbus, and Pliny and Ptolemy in that book.
the fixed stars, (if, indeed, Ptolemy is,) in which the sun ingrc.
As the aquarium xvil KA L. & B. Fe XV. From 1000 RT step D.
be fish. Quod si Sofigencs so, she thought, why do you persuaded unto Cæsar the Ka.
lem. Oétauam April as part of Aries, Kai. O & auam July in the same way.
part of July? And it is still dependent on the nature of the description of men.
fium Julian, you would than those which are of one opinion. And Fane truer than the first.
So mum vifum Sofigeni. After the cditionem, however, of the year of Julian's life, and the.
after the slaughter of July to God, Himself, as Pliny notes that, in three different commentationi.
would never have been busy all this, less of the whole of the doctrine, the bus, in which the tempo.
 re fine.
1].
dD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 4. 267.
A really fine doubtless changed fentcntiam and oétauas the signs of Kai.
$ Menfium, as previously fummouit. Which recorded an insecure for.
1.