
Bean, & pretend as if they are not in reality.
Before publication Juliana nearly one tartar Kalendas Ianuarij jury.
mani whiteness of radiation from the autumn, as we show supra.
Then it. Therefore plufquam menfes three connived in the annals themselves.
homes, and for diuerfa cycles of the moon, from the beginning of the year.
it begins to time, and when the middle of the year, which results from the concurrence being, he often falls into none.
disturbance. So far separated from Wilhelm Botticher said in heaven.
push Cæfaris August x 1 x entry to the year, when the year.
known who hath smitten unto Cæsar the lack of the same cycle, in which he was born is made Oétauianus.
Therefore, the year of vicefimum, nonautem vndeuicefimum was doing, and that too.
by July of that year. D. Himself in the Index of the events of August of things from a miracle, therefore,
Rum be said to have been born in the years vndeviginti. Seven years.
deuiginti with whom he VICEF year running, OLD boy who three times.
tins. Therefore, the expression of many impofuit these things, so that in the Gospel ἐγ τgia.
x% Oy. We are many years, how many compleuimus; not be imputed to Him.
the one who is at hand. And there is always the best writers in all languages.
vfurpamt. There exists index of the events of August Ancyræ Ga.
Latium out of stone, stelis incifo: Himself, whom, however, in the tables of brass.
Augustus.
 ON E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 51 44 ;.
From Augustus decided to cut the front of the Mausoleum, according to.
Suetonius as yourfcif scripferat him shortly before his departure fuum two.
Friday Apuleio, Pompey & c o s s. After his death iacifus it.
At Rome, in the two aheneis the hair, which has its paradigm from Rome to Ancyra tranf.
the wide one, because that was common to all human Afiâ deleétus, the curve becomes Adare.
Ghosts of August in public facrificaretur components, such as quibufdam places Gallio.
ficbant, such as New York and Spain. At eDiets Augustipro forward.
with Iofephus, x book, it states: ", τε ψῆφαμα? d'oh μο% ;.
* * * * DvTJv Varig AUI; Ag AG%%%% χω τςός του aj3górotg, and IG%.
Taj8 Magxis Keyword / 2i8, € £ »δαάγμα κελάω affirmative $ fioq ά άλιτημο.
τατα τάτ @ *% n% n% x% * * ubi UW Aziz and Ayxjg, (generally badly.
B ^ yvg%) a) Give $ 73 ap τί δύ τςοάgnú% d% & μετρίω dixlw reality, άηλέ.
γραφή $ M & T) Kai Ragg VAA. There are several related articles that marble.
a guilty of that of the Index Ancyra, of which the benefit of the most famous pattern of force.
n Augerij Busbekijhüc buried diligcnter Andrcae Scbotti streets.
that it was the first time. Our next two letters faeculi lights lu.
heat Lipfius, many fupplerunt & Ifac Cafaubonus of that lack of ,.
I spy certified and fustulerunt. The fact that the index writes Ipfe.
Augustus ammo vndeuiginti mixttire host of individuals with / corresponds to € $ pri.
Impenfis pose comparaui. vndeuiginti years be invited to vfque.
a and d. 1x Kai. Octobr. eiufdem of the year of the fertility of Julian. And from here or there.
Impcrij first year of Augustus capabilities of others in the fequente by.
100 Confulatu it. For the first two imperijeius writers vfurpan.
appropriately. First by the army, one from A & tiaca Victoria: DE.
which fuo place to sleep. But, as I said before the start of a meeting with other Cæfar, and others.
Confulatu to its August, in the which he entered into, the colleague of pcdi, after he had slain.
Both c o s s. x 1 1 1 1 Kai. Scptcmb.
AR 500 E R N A N A H S 1 1 100 A.
and all the nations of the reformation of the year, as soon as eDiets o N a little bit.
to her, but the greater part of this advice, Others are to be flexible or, as the Aegyptij, who has given it.
admifèrunt not form the force and venal Aetium after.
Dcorum kingdom in the province redaétum. No one, indeed Hifpani before.
admiferunt, by order of Domitius Calvinus and Procos than overcome by a great disaster.
as he writes Dion. 3, 57) a)) v xegov% * £% £ μάρ έ & Eridavgoi%.
T> G $ vyoi; xúmq ;. $ Σύrlu) 6 IIøλίων μαχαις £ ztowαει, öΣὰ # %% 1% gg.
Kcgnóvóv. Χ & οὐr; 6 Ka ^ iay6 xar & # 3Í S / A (. I do not know whether the fault becomes.
In Reg. ów% for KayTúów or Qg) (o6v. This disasters Hifpan.
Rum happens in Julian vii terminated Cenforino, C baldness.
Sabine made COBS. Witness same EV, the cycle of the Moon.
   P Itaque446. On these yo's E P A G E R 50 1 1.
So fequente year, which was the first day of V 1 1 1. Julian first, enter A.
But they Computuni years fuorum not in the first year.
reform as Antiochcnis from January but had recently Viotti.
Calvin fequutus memory, so it is not the Emperor Alcxandri years.
first Kal.Iulianis fed by Thoth, the death of Anthony and her neighbors.
Cleopatra {equutus is, 38 years before finishing the year primumChri.
STI Dionyfianum. And yet this is not the atmosphere of Augustus, but by July Cæ.
Farías called it, in the year, on account of the form of the Juliana. And that first year.
July Cæfaris bifextum intercalauit, so even in the first year of the air.
Hifpanica because the cycle of the year and on Sunday vitiofum admiferunt.
6. Therefore, the periods of the years, and the year of Christ 467 There was a Dionyfianis Iulianae,.
always added 38 as the air Hifpanica. So the year is more than the B.
wild animals, 1596, in order to this, We wrote, 1634. Who is to be the air Hifpanica.
Serse Hifpanica mentions, call nanciscinon older.
I was able to Concflia Carthaginienfia and Concilij Tolctani book ,.
peruetusta the membrane in which it was written, the witness is to Ambro.
fius moral history Hifpanica founder careful: 1 N c 1.
