 But the same Africanus Jerome adds, on the turn of events.
Artaxcrxis longimana cxxcv cow was trapped Scdekiae. Leinster.
 • dumdum from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B 6. 6oi.
A long cxLv. The fanci pcccat vfu idiotifmi, quiannum xx Artax.
by pitching, need to be taken Sedekiae cxlv, when this is the case, rather, and including the interval ,.
from the capture of Sedekia, to twenty Artaxcrxis, why do not, however, cxlv, and the year.
Sedekiae diverted trapped. But I do not know, how will prove to comment.
fuum. 49 years to the end of the Lunar fimplices Embolifmo, EOF.
The notion that a 47-year-old Julian was redaétos 5: The whole.
the same from year to year vicefimo Arthasastha longimana, or fifteen.
numTiberij.Nos & Arthasastha longimana 475 years from twenty to fifteen.
Tiberij interest, we feel desirable when only 47 3 absolute and 47.
Julian demand to 49 years in Arab dcfint menfes from the top.
who can. In addition, everyone knows, in those years vfum.
B hagarena, I do not, however, have been reported among the Jews. At last fifteen year, and Ti.
controuerfie fustulcritde berij said that not all the affairs of the week before.
From all these things, the sins are committed either way it should. Or some other source, than.
from the eDiets, they begin, or, indeed, from the eDiets; but not in the fecun.
I give the prince, who edietam it. There were three eDiets is imminent.
Random Temple in Jerusalem; And the three Kings ,.
Cyrus, killing Noth, Arthasastha memo. Efdra force. 14. For there.
= yw, in word, in the Chaldaean eDiets is called: that altogether do not fimplicibus.
was allowed to build up, or of renewal of the went up to Jerusalem, but of the fànétionem.
reasons. This is clearly a word = yb means. But from.
the two are pressed and festivals properties with the capacity of Cyrus the EC.
100 1. posed z. & VI. 3. killing of force. 11. Arthasastha has to answer.
Edie having a vigor VII. 2. We hear ipfum prophet. You know, the.
quit and understand, to restore and build the caepronunciatione ended.
ion at. Hebraifmus. Thus, it is: Know your attention and 5 :.
Edie about restoring the emission of Jerusalem. It can be dessert.
And um year, although it is like delusions exists among the older EC.
clefiasticos. A little before the beginning of the year, 49 ° definunt For to this effect be reckoned worthy.
Herod. which is already confutatumest. From the first Arthasastha Memorisanno.
The first games of the same year of the year, the Capitol, and twined linen definuntin mo.
if Domitian. That is ridiculous. Ludicrous much will fit on the year.
thereof, vii, xx, or it can be done. EDiets killing of the North, that is from.
D its ongoing year. That is to say out of those things which we have showed, it consists.
redebet, the one to be in vain Nothum.Nam skirmish with the DA.
Hum Hystafpis understand. We have shown that problem is.
Anniafecundo 49 years for killing Hystafpis definunt first year.
A & layer. Then, what is the most effective weapon, feptuaginta Iamis.
Before productive years for killing this year, the fifth and feptimi.
menfis institutions, which could save the Ecclefia and microwave.
of the person has nowhere unless beyond Hicrosolymit be instituted, vfu sacrifices to obtain it.
 , EEE Ecclefia6'o? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 E x 1 ".
Ecclefia of radiation and is on probation, but by the end of argumentisautin A.
blazed Ecclefias, sacrifices and solemn celebration activities.
instead. We deem that no êelebrarint quod enim in lonely exile here, argumentofit.
tabernacles was at hand this be noble, we have xx in the year than the beak above the Artaxcrxis.
Memory celebrated the culture defitu principles not been fed, too.
forgotten. Nechemiyah VIII. 15. 16. Though once previously cc.
lebrate had been under Lefui the son of Iofedek. Efdra 3. 4. Rurfus Daniel a.
Nifanius fourth day of the XXIV eiufdem mcnfis fast. XIV If so.
fan he kept the passover otherwise than it. Daniel x. 2.3.4. In addition, Efdra process.
from the river of Ahava, xii menfis Nifanius, nor the celebration of the passover: will falter.
Unleavened bread shall be eaten, indeed, should not, as to-day, all the Jews do, & Sa
husband, wherever desirable world who INTYBI eating unleavened bread and B.
They call τααατί% y. Therefore there is no customary practices, or to fast in packing away.
lest the men have begun, but only in Palestine, the now, the altar, the bank, the & continual sacrifices.
into force, the institutions are. Therefore, Zachary VII. 5 By the how.
You can plangebatù in the fifth and / anticipated menfibus from here ammo / ?.
ptuaginta? Before feptuaginta years, said the fast has been instituted with it.
CfLem year, killing fruitful. The year 4194 for killing Hystafpis fruitful.
Julian is in the period. Seventy years remodeling the back definunt year.
the fourth, were captivated by Sedekiae, which there was no Ecclesia in Palestine. And yet.
In Zechariah said, and it was the year feptuagefimo II.
the institution of the strap, as on fasting, and in such a situation, that is, in Jerusalem.
by means of feptuagintaannos most widely published, and this is from yourselves, whom he addresses the Pro G.
ets. Quomodopotest should be given Hystafpis son? But feptuagin.
ta years back by the ongoing killing Bastard unravel the xxv111 Give definunt.
rij Hystafpis, at which time the Iudæinon they were in a better condition, and.
When they were still in Iraq, where the temple of God with this method.
to pile up, & was not lawful for to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem. combustion; time.
Fasting is established. Because of Angel at the same Zachary 1.
