
is celebrated on this day, to the gods: it would seem all the new moons, the name of the day after the Sabbath.
the great indigetat: but, what it happens he is a sabbath of the great, he does not know. But.
It is a sabbath to the ordinary is never applied to μεγαλη άμάeg., It does not ma.
GIS than in. So Philolibro from $ $ agmixê the key Ear'wâygie said rlu).
7; oadgnoy out μεγάτης ἐοςτής, speaking on pentecoftes. But the ordinary.
Saturday never said με% m & juíe or iogtfi. Random joy.
Doctor John to be a doctor, Commentary on the ἀδαςx & ulu.
Diets only on weekdays fexta and omneSabbatum we poffis μεγα.
Ἀυμíeg. Grammar host if this is so rapaax b) from 3 RDA.
does not take place rapaaxó & razα ,? What potcftdici abfurd? And for the.
he says, in the same way has been by far the Ludicrous ptcrga μεγαλω ημά.
egy £ 3 Ca i Exeya as Ion. 1 v 1. 37 & ό τῆ ἐχατη ημάςα ή με.
χαλὴ ἐ ἐogης έκείνης. Because the truth is in the same way it was said, but.
contrary to the intention and on his fententiam: premises that the dieter is made μεγαλή ,.
For climbed tents, not for Saturday. that is.
The fifth to the eighth day of the week was eoanno, it is not the sabbath day, 169 days before the.
paffioncm. And so, he prepares to escape, as this was being taken, they fled fe with the sword, not to kill.
Who would ever have the courage credidif so obftinatos cine truth.
pet? Autemobieétionem how cleverly it lightly! ία μυ μια.
$$ oiy, d ^^ 'ία φέγωαι? τέχα. They φαγᾶν% tοιχα, this did not effect.
Pafchalem be eating lamb, but another sacrifice Pafchalis. Ar.
gute, doctc, elegant manner, so that nothing is above the: almoft in the parafceue come.
derePafcha more is done than quamagnumPafchalem comcdit. Yes, we are.
Faust, $ y $ 4ayäy% 7ra% α another effect, which the Passover lamb.
to Jerusalem, to sacrifice, or to eat. Of Exodus 12, 21. Nor is there any a little.
and give it gets to the end rifu poteft.Sed how many lies with CX.
fequuntur? What, than that you be The laughed at the cup? If quintade.
Cima Nifanius, when Chriftus paffus, it was a weekday fexta, then pentec.
It is a sabbath of the year was fte. For pentecoftes is the day of the week a fertile soil.
Nifanius fifteenth, vtdiximus the computer Jews. Fal.
litur the Ecclefia and omnisChriftianitas, which runs from the lowest vfc¿ Or.
tiquitate he believed her, Pentecoftenfuiffe the observance of Sunday, it is not.
Saturday. What, then? What is that? -T) icaliquem, say, Quintiliane co.
lorem, Itaque DoétoriTheologononbene proccdit comment.
The latter abfurditate again. Bread diftriéte the big day.
prevents the need to satisfy. ExodixII 16. Leuitici xx 1 1 1 7 this too.
some infignifacinore elabendumerit. In Adducitlocumex book.
Daicus, cuititulus Pry ntpg That is, ligatioIfaaci, to prove it.
Sabbatolicuiffe need to do, which is quilocú turns, impofuit ho.
miniquæftionum, quamHebraifmi peritiores. Namqu intcrrogat ,.
2. `2l}.
10 10 5 1 1 50 E S P O R G E 1000 O N A.
occafu or sun comes again, whether it comes Saturday, duabusin same thing.
terrogationibus fignificant. If it is the Sun is not yet fallen, is Sabba.
Then, he says, therefore, would not have dared to put the sickle to the meffem.Oportet ,.
so that Solocciderit before, and confequenternon eritamplius It is a sabbath ,.
ideft now passes fifteenth Nifanius that any strikes.
incident, said Saturday in Leviticus XXIII 15.Igitur question.
Ansolmus kill rcfpondetur, occidiffe. Again, or whether it becomes It is a sabbath, that.
EFT, an ^ £% h o? d% μων not yet passed, if rcfpondeturadhuc.
effe, nihilagitur; if he refpondctur effects sabbath day: it is not, then it for them that trust.
three launches sickle MEFF. This is the journey of his mind ,.
Although it is not the book store. However quivertitillihæc word, you say.
fpondcrieffe Saturday. Consequently, a necessary every sixteen ,.
Nifanius effeSabbatum, omnianno. That it not seem strange from the Do.
& ToreTheologo not animaduerfum? And adcoillicommentum.
Please. Lastly, so many stones made a great impression, vttandcm it could be deduced, in Ec.
I should be the falfo putarc day Pentecoftes, quandoSpiritus an holy and moreover on the.
Also He went down, fuiffe a Sunday, the fabbatum when it has been, from the.
Hypothefes Doctor. We conclude, therefore, quodnemofànicapi.
tis has denied his guilt, even Christ 'Passover comcdiffe the third the tenth of the Nifanius CI_.
Mena is the fourteenth moon. So, in fact and from the Euangeliftæ: Lufa ag, and m?.
dάμων, the ἐ ce wire. In fact, utterly wrong as often as is done tranflatio holy days of the ,.
the second is a new moon prior to the X% ^% lw, pofteriorvc.
ro 7roAvTixfi. However, some other Euangeliftes said, ew $ 33voy ZD% α.
Ergoomnes 33voy. It is not fcquitur: for why should the other is by interpretation, EW η ἐσά.
3υφ. ChriftusàSvorcyêw I ea \. Chriftus sacrificed the Passover that day.
necessary, the fourteenth day. Jews & ígēx Poftridiè d \ {,.
in which it was not necessary to the cubes on the fifteenth the moon. And so, too.
This knot alone Monk Veroncnfis Hilary and Paul.
Episcopus Burgenfis from the Jew, Chriftianus. Ncque better alone.
tion to be given to potcft. Neither did the other hand, people duovirido & titam of a vacuum is capitisfue.
serving as crederenteoannotlu) iogr)? IIσχα fuiffe condition sixth.
But the doctor intelligcns better English than Greek, the common miter.
lationcmfequitur: In quameceßarium was immolare.Nos deny.
£ d and e bene acquittances meceßarium there. Glass; so important for logi-.
ci fcire, to the extent necessary and Yeceßarium% to differ. Abfurd.
Therefore, inexperienced and cine Euangeliftarum mind, it said.
