 35 ;.
500 E 10 100 E S S R 5 O 50 1000 v i
runs from the lowest to the opinion of the memory of the descendants of old Eegister tranfmissà the force r ,.
* Romulus cxccssisse the live eclipse of the sun. Titus to Lueil.
Hum book x 1 x. When Cicero Republic hand.
a philologist, the grammarian, Philo / Ophir addicted ;.
each one displays / aam he sendeth forth. 'Philosophy admired the iusti¬.
value could tell much. When adhanc same leéfionem Lite.
acceßit, this fubnotat, Rges to navigation by the Romans, two, one of whom was the father of.
has a mom, the other a mother. % \ $ Eruij am the mother of a doubt. & 4nci father.
none. Numa's grandson. Soon after Equal waggeth Romulus be.
Βriiße $ oils failure. This Sencc. The place he doth of Cicero, whom in the.
telligit, fuperest from the relics of the main force of today, thanks to Macrobe; + Karl.
melted. The words of Cicero: for example, once fail of $ humans from:.
tinguique be imposed is to say, with the temples of the time of Romulus the mind studies so by in a penetrated :.
so sometimes they are the same part of the $ l, and at the same time, the second time is no vision :.
as well as, to the same principle to all the signs of stelli / jue was resumed, and, when he has completed.
ammum question. In a terminal raceme, 'With these having been so arranged, when suddenly, for the preaching of the HA.
HTRE with the foot as before that the city of the marsh, out of the confpecfu taken away for EFI. Gods.
ctrptum suppose that some of the Senate Asserius grunt. but a loser.
pfas, Solifjue deficiency Consecration fpeciem as well. Ovid :.
Place. the ancient Capreae 's Marsh. .
Your chance there, Romulus right eye. .
$ Ot runs and capacities / departing mubila oppression, Sec.
I forgot later said.
Moon shining, mecfacis v / 2s there. .
Here interlunio waning moon? While this is undoubtedly occur and yo con.
it happened 33 years Nabonassar, Choiac VIII, in stages, Digest, 3999 ,.
Matt May, the cycle of the moon IX was Saturday, Sunday cycle XXIII. Iudai year.
GO 3 O46 in the new Sivvan, whose charaeter 7. 16. 594 years.
world 3 2 35, Tauroni XXIX. 1. Blow Zygon 2. 5o 'Id.
Octobris. With about defeetio happen in May. So how Om.
Faith contributes to the death of Romulus, Quirinal, menfe February ;.
bqui long ago they occurred at the same time, in the which at February, Julian ?.
Or, as some conjecture that this is the fifth time Quintiles, for example.
Plutarch also Lampridins the conveniences of life? For he put, he said ,.
(Standard) * gown for the month of June, the day when the earth was.
was not seen. Again if Quirinalia £ J; obitusRo memory.
the mule, who for the last day, it happened, how the fig tree, I Fcbruarium the time.
Romulus has ever existed? But, who could not even be possible when the Lupercaliain.
Menfo same celcbrcntur, which start from Romulus and fumpfit.
Remus ?.
C396. . . E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
Remus? of which there were two faétiones were Fabian, & Quinétiliani: at a height.
ri from the counts of the Remi, and the other from among the companions of Romulus by the day. But I did.
contradiétio match that of January and February to deny that he was in.
the oldest of which, however, Carmentalia solemn of all the tasks entrusted ?.
Nugæ are Varro and other ancient authors, the book fecun.
do confutauit, the head of the Roman years old. If it is true.
Romulus and ruled XXXVII years and died at defeétione Sunday :.
City then it was founded 24 years Iphias as Cato wanted and after.
it FastiCapitolini, Eufebius, Chronologis with Clemens and life.
Linus and others. Perhaps this year assigned to Romulus conieétu.
m astronomers, mainly L. Tarrutij Firmium, quihæc careful.
investigated three times: the Romans, not more, however, can not be maintained with the B.
the death of Romulus, the birthdays of Rome. Chapter of a joke.
$ Altars There was conjecture eiufdem Tarrutij the concept of Hercules, or.
mo 2 Olympiad, menfis Choiac A & tiaci xx 1 1 1, Sunday def.
& Follows: Annoperiodi Iulian 394. 2. And so the cycle of the moon nine ,.
X 1 x 1 x i December Sunday, Tuesday 1 1 299 O i was Jewish year.
ÎNeomenia Tcbeth x 1 x December, the charaeter 3. 8. 24o. xx.
Toxon of the year of the world 3179, of which the Zygon, I. 21. 51, on the first of O.
And the orb. However, there was no Eclipfis the solar year. And in vain sought.
Why can not truly being evaded by the vanity of Mathefeos Chaldaicæ out of these, with the.
Such a Tarrutius with them so strenuously Nugent. If, therefore, Rome.
founded xx 1 1 1 Iphis cycle 1 x Monday, and Romulus, are stored.
died for the same cycle, then 38 solid years of tranquility. Quodau.
and extending in the Republic is said to be the main force of the words of Cicero, from, Eclipfin for marching.
give the place, and the same side of the Zodiac, and the same day nnn.
which I will return, unless the return of the tartar of the big wide world, is a false witness.
3Eclipfis Moon will happen in the year of 1558, March fertile soil. CY.
After the turn of heaven, the same is true failed by 1 3 'heavier than the previous.
Cycles. Was loyal to the same thing again in the year 1581 there is now no, fifteen July, when the cycle of him.
1 562 previously failed in the same scruples. 51 'sooner than later. Many.
I may be able to give me some other examples, if it should be reserved for, or its figure to this proposal. But Cicero.
<Xairoy means tlu ^ z / dvay% ^ & $ yXavxoilti QIY that said μάγας άμαω.
"Τός, which many rlu) άνεαόςχσετMeida speakers. Then the TarrutijD.
Romulus, the concepts of cycle, by observations of the Moon, ix, in the same cycle.
, he founded Rome, the same there passed from the living,.