 Tamctfi.
are more closely a Hebrew woman, is the view, rather than from the Chaldean: However, as this ar.
that it is not there, my daughter, do bear ipfimet are to be trusted, where they now were honored.
it, and on the books of the facerdotibus studies. Ipfi fane in no other.
fefe name calling, though we know there are Pxpo A * P z Tyaiinis.
Ithiopiavvian. For PVIA CHVS c HIN, which a certain scripfit, too, you.
 From the ipfisD E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 E. 7. 63.
Aabipfis to be called, I do not believe that: I think I was not expecting such experts. Ethiopian.
idemdicuntur, who theseprintT> Hebrew. In the lexicon Syroarabico the call.
1A: o ?. 1. ao2lA151A> O * J = G 398j Xx <&, but there are merideg.
® ¢ axluira /. On the Sidonians in panegyric to Anthemium ;.
 When the Taurus claufira checks.
Black men / Mie errands war panic relgans.
Deep calm servants / pcctaret Orontius.
Procopius Gazenfis In 1 Kings of Arabia. At ijv 336% ov%. §13j.
$ Key δ κάότα φασίν αὐτὸς ἐ 9αλαοτης Β Ιγόκῆς, όνομαζεσι δ αὐτεῦς Oμη.
eÃ ¢. Kατ 'αύτψυ δὲ είσι ἐλ A% »U £ λ μάτη ἀ ἀυτω κακόω η3dXaaro.
Yet then Abyssinia in Ethiopia crossed at Procopij ;.
See also Arabic flnum 4) x'u) $ d αοχλω to be called, still PROCOP.
1. In Reg. iv Ta / oiV ydgag. 7) Ivax said, τελέχει ἀκζ) Be29 ix /.
x ^ "$ y. But he that is called by the Indians, and still less was his inexperience they do, because of fear.
AB also carries some scripferint to be identified ,.
Right from the Nile to flow Virgil writes.
 5 / Mie river sinks it from the Indians. .
PROCOP. 5, a3i XIIa. Na ^ g * pop δ πόαμός ζ Ισω άπ 'Aiyvia 4:36.
μόρος. The same is about an elephant and a camel leopards Anastafio.
the general of the sending out of India, that is to say, the Ethiopians, Heading Marcellinus Comes indient.
Iiii Paul soil c o s. And Julian £ $ 6 a, c (i); In a letter to.
Bafil Σωραχμάς ά Ισ and connecting. V &% * 3. τ'ω βάό άμα ἀ.
Σλgax'w & Y Tog3j7a4 * O / xijam. Procopius με3 '8s (>} gax'w b) @.
% Υ ύ Ivd% £ ly. He had previously finu Arabian, fine Red ω'τη δε ή.
$ Αλαπα Κ Ισύ α3χομ $ μη άγ (αύα τέλὰ P®uaj2y * DG%. However, here.
our plane was not these that he calls the Christians to the Indians, but @g axºu%. But.
Panegyrist more clearly, let them come conquered% Niliacam, under which Egypt.
thiopum and 5 Indian dreaming. Ælianus the book. XVII history.
embrace and it seems that the Indians call them that were of the Ethiopians. It is no wonder, therefore, if it was then.
The dates, up call, this is coffee in the Scenitae A.
rabibus, of Chaldea their neighbors, as well as the Indian pestilence, & what is the name of the gold of Ophir.
Aethiopis means. She is only the language, which they call to do.
P, even the ride; History is written facras present. But the ill faith.
their books are traduct and mendofissime. Bad faith interpretation.
as well as, know that in the Epistles of Paul, in which you can hardly get three paragraphs had attended the.
iness; you will find, nor could the mind or the words of the Apostle in which he was restored to fint.
The whole fault preferred language of exchange between gutturalium.
e. which argues as well, there is no rules of grammar and among them, for thought to be extant: &.
We know that there are, indeed, with them, is to be able to be established, so that a.
We will attend to it. Iaetaris vctustatem Christianifmi from Candacc controlled.
   na 68 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
/.
na Philip the Apostle. However, it is obviously false reality A. Eccles
fiastica history. For fifteen years lustiniani Hadad, the Axumite King.
Vouit, if the neighbors overcome Omeritarum King, fč Christian.
um fa be. For after the conquest, King of Omeritarum, of Justinian, sent to our ambassador.
tis, he obtained from the co Bishops are to be the first who were omniumtunc Christianif.
mum in Ethiopia confiscated. And Fane euangeliis and Pfalms.
metaphors are all going to Rum & le factor, which nearly the time.
irrepferunt wounds received in the course divine scriptures. That is manifested.
tit nuperam their books, so tranflatione facras how.
Christianifmi profession. Journal of Fane of the Apostles, from the things that are at Rome.
wherefrom they are, in common with Italian language 7V £ conuerfis be xa.
mctfi is a man who shows, not only bore witness would be, however, the product of countless passages which B.
Not dissicile child and collect it. Hadad, the King of Axum.
first published in Ethiopia Christianifmum business. Axumaau.
tem was at that time with their king and of the princes. Although the Deferta now.
O spoiled one, of those, however, that the wealth of the old kings, from the remains of the gift.
And the glory of his ancestor. Still extant in which an unknown dispute.
ris the Senate, I, however, Æthiopicis with crosses on all sides. Although in the neck.
Wear it: they call it: at the far rear of them.
Christian kings of old, and we really Abafenos subsequent A.
Xumitor pronounced. Adagia /?) MeminitStephanus and to its Aάμω.
King Ptolemy. Even in Numifmate Alagabali Imp. read :.
AEOYMEITΩN. The life of the Emperor Aurelian Exomite improperly C.
is read, on behalf of, Axumite. At the same time I think it is not any fault librarij, but.
confuetudinem. Ephiphanius & awTou ^ ^ άγω. At $ 493, τ'ω μικgò yo.
aiaw Aye £ TIY τε & Bλεμάμίω, E39 *}; uiiV. Procopius remembers King AR.
the name of the Ellestiaei of the Ethiopians, who in the days of Justinian's a Christian.
him. Hadad, or whether he or his son have with one another.
it becomes necessary, I do not. Today @ A3aua is called.
from yourselves by Ethiopia, zUor: EVN, with the hard afpiratione, that Ara.
