
XANDRI ipfum skin fpecie cash properties imprint. From him.
rather Alexandcr, therefore, two-horned, more than thine own name, by the barbarians.
have been called. In fact, no one is out of the middle of the dregs of the Arabians, who do not.
Alexander was, rather, is to recognize the surname, Bicornis, than for the instead of.
as a result the name of the. Clement ago7: cjüxó. άλές όέ A ^ άλωο} ® Auuo 6 '.
J3; άνω δοκὰ ζ κέego φός0 disse ^ αῖδς τςὸς ἐγ αγαλμα% ποιόν, ®.
xaxóv dv5p6r8 Üêiwa AW & da * xiegTi. Replace the translator Albumazaris.
the two horns of the great mutual agreement on behalf of Dhilkarnain turns Habemtù.
Dhulkarnain is having two horns. This epochaomnes Christian.
Syria and the Arabs, as I ride, but it Muhammedani Alexandria.
Bdream, in so much that, but of the Dhilkarnain they call it. History Ecclefiastica cost.
whenever the semen and some councils, and even dτὸ § Aλε %% o} 8.
At Rome, in the vineyard of the Cardinal, however, still exists and is the badge of monimeatum Car.
| pcnfis with mcntionc of that epoch :.
A A A A IB0 @ kai MAAAXBH A & R ATP®o 100 F @ € One.
Κ AI t o t m po R N A P Tnon 100 1 100 1 rN becoming Kozma ω ANe ® H (s.
A. Am grams accompanying @ Poe. Antioxi. AAPIANOC. IIAAMrPHNOC. € T0N. IAION. mrIGTi.
C@THPIAC.ArTOr.KAI.i.CrMBIOT. Kai. i.T€KN@N. eTorC.z M.φ.MHNOC. 2 € PITIOY.
There followed Characters, Nor, but those on the right side of the finistror.
Cfum more Hebrew books. Here you can see marks L. Marcus 3I.
Oh forty years mcrum 1 1 1 by Alexander, on October ,.
altogether from the new moon Hyperberetæi Alexander, who was a Christian year.
sti; 6, menfe February, when Hyperberetaeus after that from Kai. G.
Orb 2 years and 3 5. It should be noted that Alexander Cyrenaicum.
Numifmata engraved in large horns. In fact, the true and essigii, Ale.
xandri and all of Macedonia, and often they adopt.
flows lion's head, as seen in Numifmate pieces in which a human.
an end head to head or a lion fpolio wearer: a naked backside.
'Helmet sat right eagle carrying a finistra rule, has fine.
Stam highway with letters AAE2ANAPOY. Give the cause Corr.
500 stantinus porphyrogénète: ότι said, ατογόνες ἐαντες & HegxAí.
άτονομαζον. Then: AOE σχή φίας έςάμμα% € Top®'egς τεθς ρα.
otxä; tyjiguati RJ; xaqaxfis 3 ^ yo, τωμέοι%. Post έμαςτυς έστιχθ.
DV * * vfiurua% ^ & A maxed 3aidge% αύτη τί εἰκότι κωλωπίζμ $ μον.
Alexandriincipientibus years to add XII. You will find the cycle of the moon Bio.
nyfianum from the first of October to the end of December, that is, a neo.
Hyperberetaei ​​walls at last to call. Hence, in the current Alc.
Matt xandri be added to the cycle of the moon. The names Agliboli.
| 4. nn error, e p h o s 428 1 1 1 50 Sc A G E R 1.
utterly wrong to quadratarii: @ on behalf of those who scripfit AITAIBøA AT AIA.
@ BHA. For ya * y or συ2 / 2 * $ j yy. It is in this mo.
do ma d ^ x ^ 93% yaTTjp. What are the Syrian plane, and form no.
diminish, and compofitionc. Stands out from the beginning of this serse.
44o 2 year period Iulianae> thirteenth cycle of the moon, sun v i.
These symptoms semen 'Albatenius that after a year of the death of Alexander 1 2 O6 gods.
Dhilkarnain cited the year 1194, this is Alexander. and this year.
Eclipfi moon noted XXIII Thammuz and æquinoétium autumn.
x 1x Elul. described supra. Also yourfcif Albateni Dhilkarnain year.
1 2 O z observed deficiency Araétæ Sunday, from VIII, on the first day, cy.
CLO 4 Sunday, Monday 18 year period with Julian 56o4, August VIII.
World 484o year, the zygote has been Leontonos xx 1. 7. 18. B.
4. 2 'x 1 x September. 46 51 Jewish year, mcomenia from: a.
charaeter 1. 1 5 618 Nabonassari year 1639, Phamenoth 28 years.
Armeniaco 34 ° Aratz 2 5. In hegirae 278, rabies after.
x V 1 1 1 2 years Perfico 6o, Thir 28. The Moon will go Rurfus defect.
Rum obseruatus the same Albateni year Dhilkarnain, fine Alc.
xandræo 1212, from the fertile, and they fequente the third day, the first day of the week, fequentc.
fertile cycle, Sunday 14, Monday 9, 14, 56 year period with Julian year.
World 485o, Lcontonos x V, fequente XT 1: Zygon the bid.
6.4. 5 of Jewish Septemb.x 1 x.anno 4661, from xv fequente x v 1 :.
the charaeter, 9. 35, NABONASSAR year 1649, Phamenoth XXV.
In Armeniacus; 5 of Aratz XXII. Hegira 288 years, rabies PO C.
sterioris XI 1. 27 year Perfico Oh, Thir XXV. The air is then Alc.
xandri, fiueTerik Dhilkarnain, although we do not confurgitabinitiomo.
narchiæ of Alexander the Asiatic, you build! shall he be called, however, may in such wise, that is.
founded her and, as Callippus: inscitiæ infimulare as definant numbered the Syrians, who have made them.
Hosanna in vain by Alexander initially believe that they write. There are others.
three times to call, and as the founder of that serse onto them.
first. Since the beginning of this year stands Seleucidarum ,.
"Therefore vetercs and secure them in recent years serse say that first of Alexandria.
the empire of Seleucus iniuisse fuum of Idrus, which, they say, because annoBa.
byloniam takes. This is the ariolari not write history. All.
fuccessorum Alexander governments smoke from the beginning, immediately after death to its D.
Alexander, even if controuerfum their right to attend the battles.
and brace the entire Asia mifere long confliétata it. The year Alexandria.
Seleucidarum year period starts from the first Iulianae 44o 2 and one.
dem a Kal. & tob.