
May 50 paces, Hifpanica cc cc 50 XXXV 1 1 1 and Fane to Leinster.
   P dumi45o 3 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 1 G E R
While a c c CX lvi 1 1. The omnibusautem letters Aeram appo A.
to Leo. So at the end Rev. 1 1 and fequentis is Asterio ,.
Protogenes% e c o s s. 4The & I / 2pra. So all these letters air.
fubiecerat: and for this reason on the one side it is gathered, the name of the Æræ also at Rome.
in former times in a pupil the customs of the time, much less Hifpania only vfurpatum.
rumors. The Arabs auetor geographic before or four.
We wrote the Roman bronzes from copper to name a Terick fplen.
Dido, from the time that they were performed in brass At Rome, the works of a certain woman. Although salt.
FA & ridiculous reason that Arab man, he understood English.
ti, the forgiveness of it is, however, this would not have said, except by the Romans, age thereof.
vfurpatam the attention. It appears that the quibufdam the atmosphere there.
"I was raised to it. In short, the name of the Aeræ is understood Compu.
frankincense years from V 1 1 1 year Iuliano. And so, there was a certain, Get thee out of false.
Iurisconfultus the public that the atmosphere is believed to be several Hifpanica ,.
Because only Hifpania the VFA. If, therefore, and He began to in Hifpania alone, do not, do not.
which is from the Victoria Calvin. So look for more. My fear.
you brought forth in those things of fate, the fent way of illustration, is made, that is required by, or by no one.
produetus tea.
500 E 1 N 1 1 o t h e r o 1 500 1000 A G N S i
INiTiy * Herod can smoke, how Augustus.
For either annoperiodi iuliani 4674 »when the Senate King c.
claratos is Cn. Domitio Caluini, C. Afinio Polijo c o s s.an.
Julian had no fexto. Either the capture of Jerusalem and defeating ofAntigonus V1.
Timi Hafmonæorum, pcriodi Iulianae in 4677, the year 4. Olympia.
so is PI 185, the cycle of the Moon, the third day, which was founded a year it was the Sabbath.
CUS According Iofephus lib. x 1111. Div. xxviii aiuat © ^ & αιτωρ ρόμοι, ἀ.
azdę ę ATjaar. τό δὸ ἐσομαλκόν άνιαυτὸν συὰ φ ά άαῖ.
The city, therefore, is the year of the Jewish prisoners taken in 37 24. It was, he said the same thing, τύ.
5 μlui, RI iogrii is $ m $ €. Again, he calls t: ie, PJA, Thammuz, who was the fourth.
tus a Nifanius fed by the third Ijar, from where they took Hafmonæo years.
Rum, supra, as follows. But no one crratum librarijputet, Pri.
So mum has russina Iofephus old translator, then the no.
I give talks, where it does capture of Jerusalem by Pompey, deeds in.
bro Div. 2 force, d & WN; * Πόλεως Άά τεάν μήα, τῆς πείσς ἐμάα. Three times.
menfem Ijar components of this risk. The fourth was a 47 year period A.
lexandreæ, embolimæus defeétiuus. Seven tifrum Tranflatitius IX.
October, Thammuz on the first, last June. Therefore, having captured XVI.
July, Tuesday The year 391; , Karkinon xxiii Zygon. :.
22. 3o. Septembr. XXVII. Conucnit cumThamuz hodicrnicomputi.
ClllllS.
BID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. v. 45s.
Acuiuschara and three 6 45 18.1 Oh, weekday feptimi, Iunijx x 1 x.NaminCom.
I think it would be today's sacta transfer is effected. The year Olympiad 5 to 18 times.
dcfincns decision. For the notation of the time in the dark Iofephus ,.
iai F O υμπασ \ @. For he who is, Olympias, they name, do not have to.
ICET mentionem of the year, of that know, first year of the Olympic Games.
push. Two notable errors in the EV, he said, this happened.
Claudius and burnt to c o s s. And Saturdays. For one year or less.
he says, and feriatertia day was not Sabbatum.äd ^ ωσω μάγας τgo.
τεθ9; μάρ ^ zrëg £ τφέρες § 9SA dμιωδρόμοι, are (α δέ ό αλλοι ἐν τὰ g ;.
Rege & Scant íuípg. όομσαμά. € αδτό γε% * jpnwxeias αὐτός AEU ,.
65e τάς ττοτία9; R & G 3 Ige Zagat $ E $ j $ yrjra τε τὸν Σάτοιοι ,.
Βάτὰ ἀμieg a)% h & $ 3 Eege, & c. More people are talking ,.
fabbata all her solemn feasts of the Jews, who they called. Horace :.
 Today triceßma / Abbate. .
But the more extraordinary, he sins Iofephus, who are at Jerusalem, the city by Pompey, after taking that ;.
at this time, men 27 years of the completion of her taken from Sofia.
City writes: %% TD3 © Owa; TJ Ide90Avutè, 7t6Xet, στα.
τ · ëw Pau * @ & οντ Mdgxa Aye / Zara, from Kawir Tdλλε, ἐπί Β GRA O VII.
Add \ @ 7), 7; itæ μωί, τῆ ἐοςτὰ ἐ Nyel; And ZSG out of a $ tro7j; * Reigning.
μ $ μης ἐπί IIouTmie * avutoegg. AU & E 'Exeya rfi aJri g ^ ωτω άμά.
£ p, x £ £ V%. ScdIofephum runs reason, and I may also ;, quilibro fecun.
I give him fecutus am vain attempt to demonstrate that Thammuz XVI 1.
Cannes, quemassignat Iofephus, was a Saturday. For it is not xxvii, fed.
x V 1 year only, were present. That is to its words prove ,.
d & αης δ πόλεως Άά τεάν μύα ἐ Myeiag, juíeg. x% tlu ^ gg? E I Oλυμ.
See, {zráláôïò Ta / e Ajayie e ia Mdgxe TV K / tig & Y. From above.
showed, first of January which Confuli mages.
furnished office, both seized by X 11, XIII, XIV, or Octobris, cyclo Lu.
Oehler fourteen. And so, he falls in a cycle of fifteen and summer of that year made, by which the aestatc.
Pompey was taken from Jerusalem and 21 in the fourth period, Alexandria.
DREAM. Tifrum twenty September, on Thursday, in the period a year Julian.
46 51, communiordinario year. NeomeniaThamuz xvnI June. Er.
Go having captured IV of July, was Saturday, several days before the birthday.
500 of August; and from Gudgodah beak above the fuo place to sleep. the world in the year 3887, Karkinon x. .
Zygon. 6. 15. 9 Sept. XXVI. There was a fane It is a sabbath, that he was willing to Dio.
