
Aquitaine. Fifteen if the period is multiplied to become the year.
Oh z98. And this will be a maximum period vtriufquc method.
cycle, and Indiétionis, which vnaquæque nation, which one day.
exaóto intercalare customary fourth year in a vfum was compiiti.
Cannalis able to convert. However diuerfa that they can begin to establish ,.
vtriufque the extent of diuerfis years, the cycle can be calculated.
NamÆgyptiorum and Ethiopia solar cycle starts from another source.
, and Greek, and Latin, he Græcusabalio. The first four years of Ethiopian.
woodpecker E, 500, C, B A. Not rated G, F, E, D, Latin g E and F, 500, c.
Say the same thing about the cycle of Easter, and the other is the starting point in the Ecclesia jury.
the human will is one thing, in Ecclesia of Constantinople. The cycle of Rome Sunday.
mis said that begins with a double version G F, which is the cycle.
At released concilij Nice, 3 28. For the year or when.
less of Emperor Constantine, have started from September, four, and so on.
it has been observed from the start of a great religion'm fequentes.
JD general, vfque adtempora Justin or lustiniani, the first year.
cycle of the Roman Solarisest, he who was their sakes which he began with the Indictionc of Con.
stantiniana, & he decided to make the first of September, in the twenty-four, that AC.
3 2 7 The downward year by year, which starts the charge in Christ.
3, 8. For the year 327, four began the labor-rich west. e.
Syria first. Therefore, in the calendar of the Roman, by the letter The Sunday was.
c a Kal.Ian.ad twenty-four of February: from there on, F, for the sake of bifextum, to the end.
the years of the Roman people. No wonder then onto Ecclcfia English this year.
for the first time. 36o o s e p h 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
the first cycle with the first Indiétionis cooperate and that.
dem a noble epoch concilij released, from which amends the season starts.
The gift of the year, Ecclefiastica, & of the Paschal solemnities, from the fententia of the Fathers.
Paschal same first cycle, the first in the church.
Egyptian fore, the first cycle of the enncadecaetericum.
thinking fumptu beginning of Thoth Diocletian in the year 284. The Christ.
v fourteenth day fell on April fequenti of 285 ,.
Pharmuthi the tenth of the first month of the current year of the Emperor Diocletian. The cycle.
enneadecaetericum Eufebius Greece ecclefiarum propofuit that it has.
Romans around him are the same old order fèruato as Sci.
Although the first cycle were among those who had been in Ecclefias.
Egypt. Why Ecclefia Roman, AEthiopica and Egyptian notice B.
They call the same cycle for the first time today, not only Dionyf.
It's a trifle, as much as the old confuetudinem fecutus. I would also like ,.
vtriufque cycle, the heads of those who were able to diuerfa to institute, there is nothing in ca.
I innouauimus, but the first solar cycle, such as Easter.
applying it to understand that it is, in Ecclefia ancient Romans. It.
1. head of the periods of the year 798o Kai. Is the first of January.
mum cycle Sunday, with the letters G P. menfe of March.
for the first time the paschal cycle, of which the epaétæ, xi, are such as this.
in 1596, and again from Kai. Indiétionem the first of January. For example.
Both Roman cycle, thus retaining the Roman Indiétionem.
mouse, which always starts from Kai. January is not a xx 1 1 1 1 September. C.
antecedents, which is Indiétio Cæfarea. For a year and a pretense.
Julian & indiétionem always gained from the beginning. Why is this power.
fitis, this period will be useless to the Greeks who, from the beginning of the year Kai.
September and Antioch, which Kai. October. had begun. Now.
His vfum studies. See, what year period that fell.
His first year as usual. The year, in which the birthday of the Christ.
commonly thought to be involved, literally had a double Sunday.
500 C, 1 x ideoq5 the Roman solar cycle. Besides, they had epaétas.
Easter x 1. Consequently, the first cycle of Nice Easter. If then.
The period established in 5 years; 2, starting with the first year vtriufq ;.
cycle, the 457 year period will cycle Solaris ix & P
for the first time cycle, before Easter Day, as a hurdle in the year, on whom he will he Dionyfius.
Christmas little discussion. But indiétio are not convenient. For.
In September last year that there was a demand from the labor-quarter ,.
Romana Kal.Ianuarij. At 457, and leave it for fifteen diuifa 7, no 3 ,.
In order to impart. The four are, therefore, at one point rather than the work itself was not. Therefore.
If x is 1 to z are added abieótis XT, will leave Indian & yo III ,.
we seek. Every time the 5; 2 years of compounding ing doncc.
  lose E 1000 N 500 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 36i.
"Apcr XT diuifa 11 are left. That is, if oeti 5; 2 assume that.
Funt 4 2 56 years, with 4 7 5 4 7 1 year compofiti give:.
of our period, into the which he fell birthday of the Christ, has been rich in the monkDemophilus.
fium and the recovery position. So 47 1; 1 through 9, 28, 1 5 ring.
They give a cycle of Easter for the first time in March, cycle solar jury.
1 x hand, the Kai. lanuarij Roman indiction 1 1 1 from iifdem.
Kal.Ianuarij. Why this year, the time of writing he was Christ.
1 5 9 6 Dionyfianus is O 6 3 9 periods Julian, then this starts.
fifteen day period 1 1 1 1 Paophi Aegyptij, fiquidem finger year.
