
faet. He began the year by the Au [Ἀgn and [OIG j.
       J & EE ¢¢ oeuâ '; • i
tumno, and hence the periods of the year £ * ....
  * Twεμ O t.
A cycle of the moon first 13 "is not a | £ 10 * μετεχειτμ.
  • _ 1 • yopriaïG. G: NA} ομέν.xIIII as the year of the first period at Marcus
tica. But why Ptolemy mcnfes.
fubticuit, qüialibitam curiofa foie call them? San £ true and indisputable *.
A tatæ92 4 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R • 1.
Dad cauff to pass, that he is afraid that it fimenfes of the Macedonian, so that the aCalippo A.
tranfpofiti were unsubstantiated, that confusion lectoripareret. That.
Fane was not able to be avoided. However, we Salius Eclipfi menfes care of them.
In 54 periods of Callippus attic, Hecatombaeon was July 12, in the letter.
D. There was, therefore, of the week iv, cycloSolis v. When she charaéterifmo Boedro.
Mions Compofita Bocdromionis gives will make a vu of a new moon, On the day of the IX.
ptembris. Eclipfis then fell to 14 Boedromion Athenienfis ,.
Macedonia is nouiGorpiaei. Rurfusquarta fifth week cu cha.
RA & terifmi Elaphebolion Compofita, abieéto feptenario, gives fair.
Elaphebolion second or new DyftriMacedonici v March. I
Blow up the investment Elaphebolion or Dyftrifuit v March, and microwave.
άe Eclipfis XT Elaphebolion or Dyftri a year Attic 54, § 5 B.
Macedonian. Lastly, Hccatóbaeon 55 years attics and Macedonia Ka.
Lender of July, on the first 3 charaeter Boedromion any other compound.
NES almost 4 moons Boedromion population; Gorpiaeiautem nouiin.
29 Auguft. Therefore, Eclipfis 14. Boedromion, or Gorpiaei. Or again.
no 57 of the third period, failed moon 6o7 Nabonaftari, Tybis say z, Fe.
XIV ing with;, 35annopcriodi Iulianae 4573.Tempus 27 January in the day of the week. Ini.
8. Blow Hccatombgonis July 2 O components that annicyclo Sunday, Monday.
"Fecunda.quæ Compofita Cu 2 charaétereGamelionis, gives fair guar.
Ram Gamelion a new moon on January 14, when litcrit Sunday of.
£ 500 T Therefore we Eclipfis fell to 1 or 4 Gamelion Audynæi news.
C. That the people of Macedonia, however, we have noted from the rich man Tetraetericis
obferuata, id est, quodSyromacedoncsduplicianno a woolen shirt, men.
Flume q iaxo / y & Lunar 3nuâp as solebant attics among other things fir.
Opinion able to bring edible, believed rich teftisIo.
fEph, quiitascribit άάζετaιετίδεκατηΧ ($ άλγωνn & oh. The Hv.
perberetaeum 10% Cελήlu for the AgrJ% and TGT; αετηρικός τειαχον%.
jusc6 uh 10% Q ^ wire. Even so, Plato said veuluido% x% of sharing, GA ,.
it is one of the veum U) x3'Ga% of sharing, this method tetraeterica menfis.
ngia * o13mu338. From these words Iofephus manifeftumeftipfisIu.
DAEI menfium Macedonicorumappellationem the vfu fuiffe incontra.
And below that, where vtebantur aeraMacedonica.
ON E P O R Y O RO 500 Mace DONVM D.
A 50 E 10 500 N A L E A.
En e Callippus fact that exceffumvnius day 6 to 7 annisMe.
tonicisprimus discovers she declared, and emédauitSed to Oeconom.
miamcauorü menfiuminftituendâ, tantifper fuftinere until 64.
tranfigantur days, hocvero force is equal to the movement of faith. For this matter.
paetre duomenfespleni immediately, the head annicontinuantur: cumtamen.
cuiuscunquc from the beginning of the period of the lunar du9 mcnfesprimi minoresfint ,.
Succeeding scxaD than 500 E N T E A T P O R V 1000 1000 51 B. 2. . 93.
|.
A than by the fexaginta a day, 56 minutes by day and pretty much, from one who has recently urgent circumstances.
iuftidiei size. Atquialternatio full and cauorum men.
fium more and the movement of faith and vfui democratic and taken plebisaccommo.
dataeft: quamquamnon can serve that in the other is always to be in touch, with the.
fintpleni menfesinperiodo ifta by far the more numerous, than the caui.Nam499 are.
a full 441 of the cavity. To whom I set hollows of menfes difpenfàndos they will not be.
expeétandi day 64, for example, in the period Calippica and Metonica3quando.
Indeed, this is far from move to the faith and vfupolitico, but rather another.
the way to be tried. In periods Calippica days were 27759, fyzygiæ 94o :.
diftribueris which fiin day period, it will be an interval of one fyzygiæ, dies.
29, $ single day. If the first full year menfem, like system.
B poftulat, inftituantur which bears fruit is hollow, alternatively uniform.
shall proceed in three times, until the day of the exceffus minutes of 94o above the one ;.
the composition of the solids that year to the general ùzrêgîu £ $ E9.
This is days; 55, embolimaeum to 385 days, such that,.
mediumannum of one of the day, or in the fall after the same tametfi menfem ,. he exceffus
both rejected the lime menfis than ten years. Having made such a animaduerfis.
they are repeating the previous book in the popular diximusde Greece ;.
The year the popularity of Greece conftabat menfibus all.
found to be full, with the appendix of two, for which the aiagχ & ς ημάegς and called for their time, and when.
Hecatombaeon ncomenia first radiation impinging on nouilunia ,.
meomenia Items concentrating again to nouilunia. The FPA.
100 parts Tetraeterida City. So far as the ravages of the year.
Greece, we will call every year at the same level or menfe.
Tetraetericos. It was a purely lunar year and another person, whom aegv%.
3 veio call from auétoribusprimumOétaeteridum inftituto, Deindc.
From Enneadecacteridibus metonic, Calippicis and Hipparchicum shrink.
mixttire.