
reiapudmaiores noftros fcientiafuit: with the not long ago started a thousand four hundred and thirty.
five hundred men: and his years, more or less a thing is neither the sole, nor veftigium.
Many Vctuftasrctinucrit.Namfalfoveteres and infimæ or after them.
tiquitaP R E C O O 50 1000 E N A i i 1
).
tiquitatisfcriptores, and Solinus, Macrobius, and proauorummc.
fummus a memorial TheodorusGaza year, Greece immediately.
Lunar right from the beginning fuiffe projected. Although it is in.
Pancgyribus properties and Gentlemen facris, which certoannorumcircui.
You came back, one of the phases had, however, vtvnoverbo.
I should say, does not the moon, of their anniforma erat.Olympicurn enimludi.
ipfas Lunæplenalampadccclebrabatur portrayed as veterumnos alone.
teaches Pindarus. In addition, the Spartans before the full moon, or moved away.
rcligio was mild to begin. Replace a xwyixdg AG ^ & γας conquered.
proverbial boast military and the Arcadian proverbial cone.
cioneglectum religion obiectumlcgimus.Quod it had happened.
allotting one, the other, or the full moon that that for the most bcllaaut feriora Aggr.
I mean, Lwow, whose name was on account of eamrem out by the neighboring nations, aego £ ^ :.
reproches that cauffa AB Arcadian interpretation is elufà ,.
probruminlaudemconuerfumad vetuftatis fuæreferen origin.
military, and older than his native gloriantibus.Quod trust to get it.
nouilunijac Full Moon, the times of the Panegyricus of games and shows deligebant ,.
For this reason the temple profane the tricterica inftituta: cuiufmodi were the revels of Bacchus ,.
Isthmian, in Ifthmia, alia.Ea for eftanni Græcaniciforma, vtfi, for example.
grace of God, nouilunia inneomeniam Gamelion is not incurred, plenilu.
incandem month ends meets the third year of harvest. Therefore.
When inTetraeteride revels biennial celebrated on the third.
In eumfitum year going to the moon, who earlier secret passionate fituiop.
pofitus erat.Quare elegantiffime Statins tricterida vocatalternam :.
For alternate nouilunia and the full amounts. But the temple profane the ,.
At codemLunæ things necessary for tasks entrusted to the radiation.
tetraeterica examples in the attic Panathenaica maiufcula in ElideOlym.
pious vtiam touched plenilunio.quodfànefierinonpoterat, nifiab.
foluta Tetraeteride and Pentaeteride ineunte.Atq; So Tetraeterides.
μα% of the Moon, to the same thing, I do not praysing; In the same period redibant.Vt Sunday.
Sun and Moon return to the world, it is not possible aliterputabant ,.
How oétaeteride confeetus, eneaeteridc ineunte.Ex quoquaedam.
encacterica course divine, because the name of the inftituta: cuiufmodi from the beginning of the Pythia.
There were, and rightly so. Apollinienim, quemeundemcum sun.
directed their march, they were attributes of God. Hence we infer that, it is not alone Olympias, who had.
interuallumannis the four solid cxplicatum fuiffe; fedetiampue.
rilitas led them to five years folidorum fuiffe concerns.
Nor, however, quibufdam recetioribus fuccenfendum, who itacenfent ,.
So fcribunt, but also Aufoniumnoftratemculpa free Ouidius, fcri.
ptorlögeantiquior and noble that ætatemfuam or fifty.
norumdecemOlympiadibusdefinit: quomagis mirumPaufàniam.
hominemGræcumin cahærefifuiffe, so that fuo carried back to the place from us,.
 SS 2 cft.I V. P O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A.
eft.Nam less wonderful Sec Solino that cap.X 1 1 1 Ifthmia calls.
of five years, which were in all but for only three years: quodcertamen acy.
pfelotyrãno intermiffum, primo Olympiad 49 inftauratum.
fuiffe dicit.Horumigitur cauff to the typumanni of all the men of Greece.
BORNE equal. On the subject prætermifimus any of those things.
can be considered as illuftrandæ did make heretofore, although practically all the præfidio.
deftituti.Et quidemprimumingenere, which is always the usual, then.
private Greece periods propofuimus countries ,.
these are not anniforma, Fed situ and head to each differ in.
quatraétatione long as we are fuitcum præftantiffimoviroTheodo.
roGaza, or, rather, with his fequacibus, from which they can not be wrested.
can serve and give three and fitus menfium from the illoprimumproditus.quæ.
Gentlemen genius same skirmish, and the remote omniinuidia, Vt.
fpero, pleasant. Quidenim than the whole book, which, dear.
nimapars, no dicamiftis reaching the nihilfciunt, but also doétio.
behavior, this tartar and tartar oboluerit back there before? Buffer.
Cam ae $ agiaiuoy fiusg%, one illarü cauff and vfumfcicbat? who.
of Cicero, he did understand the place of the nobleman of the illisinVerrina? distiDguisheth.
Since the J3a / 3ίσεως the second Boedromion? Who among Pofideonem.
Calari menfem fuiffe? To this solid matter which acceffit ἐποχὴ κάττε $ e.
e08 v 1 1 1 July, which was in the previous edition omiffâ erat.Id xà 7rov.
serving as the name agorêv 3 "c / YOV Aristotle, Theophrastus ,.
Plutarch, the ancients and let them all understand, but not to the ipfum true.
Solftitium, which is a fair way to notationobis illuftriora.
praeiuimus. That Solftitiorum, & the Aequi should furnish & tiorumpunéta Xa ^; æ vo.
be honored, of fate, they know, they read the books of the ancients of the Greeks. Distaff.
mellacardines vocauit.In præftantiffimo Parapegmata that falfo.
Ptolemy attributed to (eft enimantiquius Ptolcmaeo) to V 1 1 1 Kai.
July (what eftSolftitiumSofigenis) is described, Æftiuus pivot ,.
Momentary disruption of air. In Greece (vtinamhaberemus) p.
nedubiofuit: Θce / YOV Xa ^ goy, and syuoJa Dig @ @egxfi. So κόττον.
