
Matos. Flammare is, to say the Hifpani 'Pringar. Standing for.
dcstinatis stake Vncore (NC mutation of a falling pitch bend.
Mare) about fussixo from the burning plate (x egμίσα, Emperor calls ,.
Marcus) pitch or vnguen head melted, so that the pin channels.
corpulence words in the arena of the amphitheater fulcum do. Lighter.
nal to torture eandemquc sporting history :.
Tigillinum set. tada shine therein ,.
the Syrian language fiantes are lit, the smoke with throat fixed to those who ,.
The broad thrust in deducitarena. .
Local polluted nor any haetenus killing fùfpitione perstri :.
And sacrificed. For the oldest models luuenalis clinch and.
is recognized by scholiaste. The laws.
The side center / bowels separates the sand. >.
Set where stantcs bound to the stake fussixo throat laminaimpcn.
tooth smoke, and the whole limbs soft, so that the fat be divided.
Fulco arena fa to. As memorable punishment was necessary.
takes place, which are a much after so long, he will remember that Iuuenalis. For now.
history had a purpose, faith, makes no mention of Tigellinus praepofi.
ι points. He gives as the Tigellinus More especially, makes mention of Tacitus, and out of the burning.
Rome followed talks. Tertullian forecasts: East Rome private credit.
Nero was stained with mouse%. Not only for the Christians in Rome fæuitum ,.
but also in the provinces. Still exists and is in place of the old Pif, be listed in the Hifpania.
It runs summoning where this fine doubtless not have been touched, fiquidem.
That is the real address. For the doubt. Christianifmum fuperstitionem.
calls, men, new, and magical fupera ,. Christians, as Suetonius,
stition. But what is more Iuuenalis deal with the Christians was a misunderstanding, fuboluit.
Even former negotiator with said $ ed. . . * *.
/ Tigillinum less, burn alive, n e r o n W 1 and 500: 1.
how many people bidding from 100 £ ^ * A A 1 av G.
Drome. The rest, which at the same P O N A T 1000 N. o B.
fequuntur interpreter is not equal to p r o c N V 1 1 A 1000 LA.
worthless. The time of the fire appofuit t r o n e T H 1 1 B vs. St.
Cor. X 1 1 1 1 twentieth of silence. Sixth Q 1 y n o v A 1000 G E.
les. At last, at the foot of Rf. 'E R N A N O. 1 H v 1000
quilias end of the blaze fact, it's P v e r s t 1 t 1 O N E M.
V is about twenty day of July. After 1 N c 5 l 100 A R A N T.
Christians fupplicium fumptibus. . 5 P A R T A T M).
RR a Ergo47 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 A £ i
Therefore await Perfecutio starts around the end of July, autinitium An A.
GII. But the things he writes, mistake, or are from the volume of a book, or when they think.
"An image I think by himself are Cornelius. At that annotaret fourteen IVth ,.
sexiilium the beginning of the rise of the fire »is captured by demons, and $ VR.
BEM infiammauerant. All but for the old XIII, XV 1. Kai.
Of August. This has happened to write. Scquitur inueighing the V / care of that progress.
there are so many years, men / € / jue§ days between each conflagrations.
out. I read that many years ago, men / e / that € 5 each day of the fire.
register. True leetio. Miunoi ;. quasi equal to scratch the nature of their own.
tion imagined. So many years, so many of mense, was taken from the building of the city are so many dics.
However, there are pucrilia. For if præcife menfis fire the same day eiufdem.
fä Rome was crushed by Emperor Nero, the time that the each from the Senones, Senno, therefore, between the burning fire was B.
and whether Ncronis, arguing for years præcife solids none.
for the rest of menfibus appendages, or his diebus. Why Cornelius who.
from $ isgyiaw loss in those yourfcif at a $ $ isgyo that menfes and day out.
increasing above the age foresee. Unless someone says habuisse system.
the end of the old year to the Roman people. I do not think so doetè fuisse.Ne crowd.
functioning of those times, this was the confuetudo, as it was in the times of the.
faeculi rich in ancient days old, but rich in Julian, for example fupr.
in capite of Augustus, and we have said. For Julian Augustus birthday a year.
It placed it was in the uttermost parts of the Parthenon, which is Inanna of Rome.
Old inextrcmis no Karkinon parties. .
• •.
500 E N T 1 1 1 o v e s s N A N A L. .
500 1000 A 500 1000 O v E v 1000, nor the day when he fell upon the hand he brought in the Do not.
to, in writing have thus the same day to the beginning.
the Empire, and Vefpafianus, there is nothing in the three fuccessoribus of Nero 's for certain.
TI can be noted. Omniatenebricofa. Galba was born M.Val.Messala ,.
On. Lentuli c o s s. 1 x. Kal.Ianuarij, Julian XL 3 years, a cycle.
Luna xv 1 1 1. The experts said Tullius, the third year and feptuagefi.
mo of age. This is, in fact, perished Julian Ten to twenty days.
The fourth and feptuagefimo out their fees for the year. If it is born.
cycle XVIII, during the year-four year cycle starts grams xv.Ideoque
Julian II 6 from year to year, raising four of December 74, AN.
no third Vefpafianus. The food in the Julian 116, a cycle xv.Cor.Ta.
it attributes to the news, years, too, LXXIII. However interfeétusest be 2 T.
Vinio c o s s. 114. cuiusanni end of the year Julian Decembriinitu.
72. And yet, he had one, and the year of the stature of the country, Suetonius, Tacitus, in that same year.
perijsse want to Lxxii 11 to seal the end of year.
ccmbri. You see vniusbicnnijmanifestam αλεχθίαν. So that year.
 2ëtáí1SD from E 1000 N 500 E r. P O R T from 1000 V 1000 50 1 b. v. 47}.
