
rij times shall I compare to the book of the acts to the fua, fated for forc vidcbi.
  £ art.
• 61o o s e p h 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
y.
France be the first book of Kings illustrating Anna A.
France 1es are corrected so that they are in this partcmultum mcndofi..
Since then tranfitus Martini they like to label and index temp.
Rum, the first time the excesses of the bishops discussed in this.
Profper, and after him, Sigebert, and, therefore, Gregory of ours is brief.
blind, which is equal to the force of capitc x 50 first book. Box.
disposed of, and the ongoing reign of Honorius, temples Martin Turo.
epifeopus behavior, full of power and / anctitate, allowing weak.
Many benefits Oh & # gefimo and Norway in the first fuse ammo, Epißopatus Au.
Matt Likewise, in Condaten / em diæcg% / 24. Departing from the street / breeders ,.
happily, he has migrated to the Christum.Tranfiit one in the middle tells Noah that the those at my home.
Crumbs of Atticus, CE / arioque Confuli. Inucstigemus cxipfius B;.
that were gathered at the end of work. From the first Decij Imp.ad |.
tranfitum Catianus Bishop Turonenfis, hence to think that this year or |.
DINATIONES Lidorij, thirty 1. forward to the appointment of Martin's age \.
XXXIII. alertness of a bishop Martin years, Matt,!.
menfes iv six days. Makes a total of 146 menfes 4, dies 27, who j.
If they think the first year Decij, who was 2 5o Christ Dionyf (.
mis Martin died after the year 396, Indiétione {nona.Sedan.
Arcadij less abundant and Honorij Atticus & Cæfario c o s s. was. Ì.
Dieties tenth Auetore Stephen Earl, this is the year of Christ.
397. So one year less said that after this Martini epi].
target died in the year 397, the cycle Sunday xiv version Sunday.
D. It was the week of November in the dark ELEUENTH quarta.Sed been answered.
Sunday. As the dccessisse the middle and you had no time and be.
the bird Sunday. The Sunday version of the cycle and consequently G. So.
the lawsuit xii, and the year of Christ 395. Noliergodubitare, but that the true will strike them out.
excess of that of the Bishop of the history of tis drawn from A and Martin had classed these, ipfum au.
Likewise hariolator demand Confulatus Cæfarij year and attics, and can be added.
Discuss the fuo. Therefore it is clear that Martin died during the year 395.quae.
historical epoch to be held, the fact that, as it were as strong as, computatioom.
Gregorianoruminfistat.Quam is uncertain whether any of the times owing to their own.
Thus the death of this bishop, indicates Sigebertus, quiaitfecundum quof.
Some died in the year 399, fecundumalios 4o2.Neutrumautem true. D.
Falfum go quodscribitSigebertus, productive Profp decessif.
J & Honorij.Nam Arcadij 5 years even though he Profper, however.
Arcadij & Honorij fifth year, that is, Christ 4oo, vndecima No.
uembris was Sunday. Profperautem he says in a small Chronieo ,.
The man Clariss. As in other days, our, P. published, dc as explained below. For the old.
Chronicle of the country code of that year c c c c 1 passing Martini |.
mcndosc noted that from what he showed evident. Added].
GregoD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. V i 611.
From Gregory, a passionc of the tranfitum Martin for many years.
c c cxn. The same number of letters is repeated as many fine books.
Which is why away. However, it was easy trespasses. Read a c c LX11 :.
362 years, 33 years, who made 395, then Christ adieóti Martin ,.
Bier year 396, as inferred from the end of the tenth. But it is false.
it has already proved that. But we agree that c c c lxiiis to be read, for the.
e c c cxn. In the book, the ongoing perfequitur beginnings of the French.
but nothing that is certain in itself, is, for the first, of the kings of Faramundo, Hlodionis ,.
Of Meroveus, only the names of the Hilderich forth that which is for a time of the Empire, and of them.
passeth away: perhaps you should, it's because no one definiuerat: which, however,.
falfum it. Profperenim Aquitaine flourished c 50 years before this Gre.
Egor. This two extant Chronicle. Eufebiano other fubtextum.
it is very short in the second eruditissimo P. Pithoeo I.C.nostro out.
diturn is, as already said, the end of the year adieétione Christ. fed in.
quibufdam mamiscriptis year Christiappofitifunt.Prius by pariaCon.
Fulvius was instructed to digest that is: the latter has the only feriem annalem rerumge.
Start. Huiufmodi more than two kinds of old-wits, Chronica. In.
digestierant Consult with whom was he, it, they were called the Confularia.Gre.
Gregory Turonenfis lib.ii.cap.ix. * Nam6in Confulares stresses, Theo.
dómeras son Ricimeris once the king of France, and 5 & 4 / éilamma.
pray to her by the sword interfeetor. And the rest, in which the Confuli digestinone.
they had called the Chronicle, such as that Profperi, which now Io.
task. The fact of advice Faramundus, Hlodionis and Meroveus no.
and Dad are the beginnings of, and she was able to know so much more certain, more closely into the abil.
Us seasons apart. For there is his Chronicon vulgare determines in the Cow.
fulatum Valentiniani force and Nonÿ, Lxrv years before his death Hlöd.
or a, indiétione thirteenth, he that this was the year of Christ 445. But the Chronicon Pi.
thoeanum defines the Confulatum Valentiniani VIII and Anthemij that.
They then match the year 455. France has faith matters.
