
properties locations detail. Refumamus Then called he them years ago, from which so much.
which elemcntis, to see so many different kinds of years old and so diuerfa Progreffu.
is carried out. Since the Greek, which is smaller than the equable, all year Lu.
the forms of the nose like race spread effects we have seen: that out of the Egyptian idol, who is the fate of.
bile is greater than, all of the solar system. It then confufe and faturam through this.
treated as, the Fed fuo for every green & in place and order. The four books.
to explain the four kinds of the year íumma dccreuimus. It will be first out.
æquabiliminore year. In that enimomnis Greece, vfat diucrfis ge.
roads, which are abundant in the earth natione and 7roA / Täaj. Therefore.
it will be the other part of this book. According to the place of which fell upon claims for the year.
Moon, because exillo deriuatus.Tertius free compleétetur the prior year.
the majority of uniform forms, ihöτήας and diffèrentias.Quartus of that year.
perfequetur ramifications and branches, namely diucrfa anniSolarisgenc.
m & changes. This is a part of the first, had at the outset of this diatribe.
Chronology Promife, season of the year and the civil gencium.
wounds. The other part of it is out of the charaeter, who neceffaria is notandistem.
ejection intervals, which fequentes books tra & Tables, also diuerfis.
computis.
, From 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li B. I. 2t.
• R.
A computer countries yearlings, of which the book fingularem the storms.
ccmoperis will be added, it is not added as an appendix, fedpartem one number.
work noftra. Who, then, is made vfus charaéteris of the times, teaches that we are.
Dionyfius out of Ephorus, who, when they excidij snatched from the year of the Olympic Games.
not so long as to mark the epoch of the poffet, cumis Cafus a number of feculis, in more ancient.
comes first is said to accidiffe in the Attic, the twenty.
zἐιίίω ημάςαι year left. Experts at Athens Fúbol year.
but, this year it happened. I knew how often and how.
to be poffet period of years. Take for example: Ephors, or Dionyfij.
We will charaeter design with the intention difficult for those leaving.
ftitutus quæfitum hand to the source country. It will be the first time.
Julian was a year of the foundation of the whole inftitut noftri B, which we make pretense is.
/.
Many thousands of years before fuiffe. Characters, however, those two employ an attorney.
mouse, cycle of the moon Dionyfianum, its eftannus XT 1 1 1 & CY.
clum Sunday Julian, whose 7 running this year. The third well ,.
where the ratio of the time that he will suffer, Indiétiones not afpernabimur. For.
Characters that do the once to use inftiterint, those of them, which is done conftantia, and if.
des of the method that the fairest in the ratio of the times, expericntur. If.
Who is this year Christi 1594 knowing how old it is nevertheless useful.
be greater, forty nine years old, and less quinquagin.
ta sex fciat, it resembles the Greek impcritiam Chronologorum that.
circiterillius, and that it 's time, and it accidiffe say whether.
w Cnum verocertum does not define it. But when I was born be the same to this it adds No.
end Augufti, on Thursday, it increases Characters certain and undoubted.
as well as, there are twenty-aêvfiaj fiuígou such as Ephors. For the fifth day of the week can not.
was able to come into contact to the fifth of Augusti, nificum the letter is C. The Sunday
Before the age of 49 what happened in 154o, the cycle of Sunday no.
no. And so, we affirm that this charaéterifmo conftantiffime him annoho.
see a man, the child, and those nearest to him, on the fifth of Augusti Julian quinquagefi.
The fifth birthday mum calls. Vfus the lunar cycle, the same observation.
ta Caftigationes that the first is the year of 14oo, so.
apply the new day, whenever they find 3 O4 years. Example.
This first is eftannus 37 O 2. In the years feptics things.
500 numbers are lost 3 O 4, the day of the seven-day moons visited.
I diuretic. Vcrbigratia first year of the cycle, the EPA and the flows are XI. nouilunia.
March XVIII. the added. days, nouilunia or rather conjunction.
luminariumerat in XXV. Martijanno the first and fourth Olympics.
the same, the same, or, on the fifteenth after the first Olympiad, & of.
began with 3o4 years. This Scdab tartar noftro 1 5o years after me.
Nuendo eruntneomeniæ the same number of diebus, as often as 3 o4 of the year that found favor.
be poftannum Christi 17 Q Oh, and fortaffe faster. But since no Epo.
Can.
/ 2 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
Can we have the old Olympiadum notify it because A.
In comparison with the newness of the effect seems to be with the vetuftatis: of iniquity; eruntcha.
Cycle & ractcres claim, unless a certain remotiffima Epo.
Cha start of season inftituantur. Then devise a period ,.
and that both tasks cycle, and Indiátionem contained what happens, if the PE.
Rio de Dionyfij Exiguus, fifteen times to multiply the one who will be saved; of the year.
7 98 a. Thus, the period of the cycle, that quarter shall be from the annoprimotum vtriufquc ,.
Then Indictionis Hence from eiufdem grade year definitin last.
vtriufque cycle, and Indiétionis. But the year of Christ, as is commonly thought ,.
3 2 67 definetin vtriufque the last cycle, and Indiétionis. Ergodedu.
And tie; O 2 67 out of 798 years left before the epoch of the year vernacular p.
Church of Christ, namely, as 471 3. So of Chrift and 4714 is made primusannus common cy.
cloSolisx, Luna 2, Indiétionis 4, a Kal.Ianuarij although & Indiétio.
ahtecedenti last summer, but LunæMartiofequenti cycle.
