  • •. •. • ** || 8.
that process, however diem recognized by the sun in the West. Fourth AG •. * | W 12 O D.
1) For paetre never changes the new moon, which EGTGF], | E
When the air habitual inclination. Namtuusmeri |, || 5 || 45 A f.
Diana is always the same, cumortus & occafusdiuer * * E 1 512. 3;.
  • • •, • • • • • • •. 2 5] F | 1 412 4.
If diuerfa constitute the first day of civic and exit, and a A, |, | £.
ciuilesfaciant.Nam unequal hours in the summer longio £ A || 4. 6 100.
 •. : 1: •. 8 | B 2. 7] D.
funtdics things, shorter noétesinbruma, aliter.Meri | | 3 || JI.
Diana Vero's punétumidem in your habitation [,] 500 |, |, | f.
When mcridics cuiuscunq; it becomes a half, and scxta b) E L if * • • • 91 3 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
fertilizing an hour old. Why is fixed and constant, led by cpocha A.
cpilogifmus astronomic; From the inconstant are ordinary citizen dies. And so.
Among astronomical calculations, and they are always the first day of the civil interieétæ.
six hours of unequal. Why do you think is unfair to the south, at the end of the sixth hour.
A civil components of the first day, while the calculation of the moon astronomico have sex /.
cxaétæ most desirable to not numcrant We, in fact to the dregs of hours, so that fupr diseis.
I explained. Let it be, for example, the Jewish nouilunia 6.7.
8o4, the seven hours after beginning the moment 8o4, and captivity.
while they are not from the south, but out of the West. From noon to 6. 1 3. 8o4 effect ,.
where it stands with the lees of less than the hours of think the same. Therefore, when it comes to coal.
'18 hours, then distributed d529ομικῶ; 24 hours are absolutely with tan.
Then 18 7roA / Tixóς sap. %% further μςe9% w / Jewish add B.
is divided into two parts: Jay, vefperam and in the NPA, Mang. Analytically.
Besides the political suppose month from the beginning of the night. Why neceffe.
is, as always meets the coal orbit, she said.
Jay, who is the sun of the West to the East. But the 18 hour to the south.
Sunday defines thought to be on the rise, and the start of NPA. It is not therefore possible attributes.
Bul May 7} in the past. Then transferred to a May fequens. Tranfl.
tion of politics comes to be, a timed their sakes which are continued to prevent two dies, he might more fully.
below. Common lunar year is divided into two fč.
miffum equal, fingulos For 177 days a year at the same level tifrum.
Nifanius equal to 177 totidcm from Nifanius to tifrum. In the year intercalari by.
Tifrum to Nifanius 2 O7. A solid Namintercalatur prior month. A Nifanius, 100.
tifrum to 177. However, there are always a tifrum to Nifanius 177 days a year.
common, not a year embolimaeo 2 O7. However, in the general sense.
sometimes there are 6 or 17, or 177 a year, or embolimæo zo6, either.
2 o8. Close to the year of the common has a 176, or a embolimæus 2 o6, di.
ment defeétiuus year. When he has 177 or 2 O7, said annusordina.
rius.cum has a 178, or a zo8, the year of fuperfluens, autabundans.Ita are done.
of the ordinary year there are three classes: the same number of years of embolimaei. Of year.
Characters are three common types 354, 5.Hoc is Annicommu.
Then one day and diffèrentiafunt end def 3 or 4, equable or 5, cole.
tion. Embolimæi Characters are 5, 6, 7, 5 Exempl.Anno Jewish; 4o.
neomcnia tifrum day of the week began a fertile soil. Neomcnia fequentis 5 years; 41 D.
day of the week began to 7. The difference, dies v. Therefore dictus year, 5; 4o the county.
common logarithm. He is common to each of the two, when, after one and becomes the first.
of the cycle, and the other be fruitful. Porroprimus is abundant, that is the difference.
thanks, v day: what is the difference longiffima ordinary year. Accordingly.
355. Therefore, for the year were the days he ἀμεο9; can be called. Rurfusam.
534 mis 2 is the third cycle, and confequenter Emabolimaeus. His neom.
inhibits inccpit the third day of the week. The following year, which was the fourth of the cycle, there was a fé.
'' Ria fecun.

* ID * E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000, 50 1 B 2. 1 3i.
A fertile seas. Difference Day 1. It is therefore an equable year embolism.
Maeuius. So in other words. Why not retire from the aliisannis time, other approach.
gives, but the residue of the year æquabilcs most desirable to this caufe is as follows: of course, they never had.
volucrint new moons, and tifrum Therefore set I in the first, the fourth to & fexta day of the week: do not.
which is new moon, and Nifanius inprima, and the fourth, fextus, so that there were two other festivities fi.
together, assuming that the bank account of cxplicabitur. If, therefore, being, for example ,.
nouilunia tifrum shall be 1, 5, 57 O, even though there is no exceffus hour.
Rum 18, for example, because it tranflatio astronomy to be done, however ,.
For tifrum never starts on the first day, is transferred and becomes ôzrágía '%.
íuíeg., and conviction inferior neighbors. The year, he who is, and who hath not this.
collapses, it will be outdated 354 days, but 353 only. In the year of the DC.
Ε feétiuo, as a% of Athenienfis £ αι3ςοι; Everyone menfe Boedromion ,.
itaapud the Jews, for the same # 3aigaoi, takes place in the Cafleu: who, when it comes to solidusmen.
fi's, then it becomes cauus. By contrast, in excess, aegóôreoi; takes place in the Mar.
chefvvan: who, when it comes to the nature of the cauus, then out of the ranks of teachers is a solid :.
In this way defeétiuo year, there are three continuous hollow menfes's Mar
chefvvan, Cafleu and Tevet. Inannoabundantc also continuous substance.
three tifrum, Marchefvvan, Cafleu. Who is dcfeétiuus year? He has.
bet Cafleu depression. One year of plenty? he that hath the Marche.
schvvan solid.