
In letters to the Dominican 100 B, as some now think. For the past.
The Sunday, neither the letter was known to, and not cycle there bee a week a.
Sunday's physician par excellence. Moreover, in the mold Bifextum fuiffe That mil.
the sky. The year of confusion leveling role to that fig.
ri intercalation of one of the day after the Terminalia was due, in a letter, C is an infi.
Btit, the same as ordinary text that is on 24 February, and this gives.
the old fedes Regifugij of the Roman, fexto the Kalends of. March. , whence we first read them in.
tercalatitium said Bi from t VM. Solinus that yearns to be very brittle ,.
Merkedonius think that the month began, and that year.
Habuiffe at least 344 days, 21 days Merkedonius is one of the mo.
do not leave behind the years of the year of confusion Iulianideduétus the chronicles of the 344 ,.
so that the reasonings of the demand. This is not what monster, cuiufmodi is done, out of the.
indeed I do not see. But the father of the drone in those eclogis, out of which in bad faith.
auetorem goods brought into fuum Polyhistor many eiufmodi.
deleétu end confarcinare usual. Cæsar air control LX V 1 1 tan.
as well as the day of adieciffe: But he also adds, mistake, and those who had kept from him, There was an intercalation.
100 substance. The veriffime it away from him. For Merkedonius whom he wishes.
intercalauit, it was not unto Cæsar, but confuetudinis. But the day together.
a fé, not from the confuetudine, he added. His confentanea writes suet.
genius, confusion fuiffe fifteen year menfe. 1 xx 1 day for men.
f Merkedonij, also Lxvii Cæfaris, Lxxxix dies are made together. one.
it is just a way of menfium three Lunarium. So the year is Julian, ha.
bu-day; 65, when the quadrant. Why autemita menfes cope with.
thinking that two successive úrsgnuie9tc, Fifth and Sixth: On.
cembres and January to establish, this case is different. Caefare wanted sun.
stitium, winter, and both æquinoétium from Kai. eorummenfium.
to begin with, he thought, upon whom the oétauas to be guilty of the parts of the year. Opinion.
But their sakes which ID of the Romans, and of the Greeks was, that in those times.
be completed and the parts of the signs in the oétauis Fuori. Why the CA.
pricorni on a set. d. VIII Kal. Ianuarij. Taua and the depth of Capri.
corniincidit at Kai. January in the fequentis, was loyal to the winter solstice, in which part of the con.
he thought it Cæfar with the vulgo.Initium of Aries on the from the fig-tree. d. VIII Kal.April.
Aequin and then embark on Kai. April. In the beginning of cancer. d. 8.
Kalcnd. Quinlil. Cancer of the summer solstice and climbed Kai. Fifth.
lib. In the beginning of a book. d. V 1 1 1 Kai. OET. Æquinoétium autumnal.
V. & oétaua2 3 o 1 o s e p h i s e A G E R i i 50
O & O and greedy and the balance in the first obrib. Neither did the other was with A.
son, C. Cæsar the downstream distribution. For even after Cæsar years.
plufquam 150, with regard to the common people, behold, the four divisions of the octave of the parts.
Signs compounded. mendofè. For that, if a criterion for & we think that the whole thing, O & tin.
the nation, did it happen, almost years before the first Olympiad. Hocbene.
the king 's reign, although from the posterity of the auidiffime took in hand, yet they were not.
is absent, as is commonly understood immediately that the public correétori year.
possessed. For it is the nations of men, all along in doing it well ,.
Is the same thing, and to murder and whom the feruare: dicto, who, at the ears of the good.
Rum beat% YOY and xaxóv & xeip $ κινητόον. For there ,.
it already has been said, is the man of God 's acknowledgment for the possible criticism, the one holding it beyond compare,.
catch it. Among them Pliny the Elder, a rather virtues B.
Cæfaris obtreetator than vice chastising the year primoIu.
liano some one asked him, Tomorrow The Lyre, shall be: From eDiets, says he, shall rise up :.
he received the ordination, is not only equals to it, like a, but aw.
lost. Plutarch Caefare: 8 ulu, dX ^ d ^ € AJ ßaaxojv8ai $% &.
OK βαρuo $ τω σωαμιν αύτίως rapéxs. Kxigo, $ e Iragui and ioixe ,.
4% rajlás V®, αύειον ἐπίάλλειν λύegy voj, όταν, éx δαlayμα%. %%.
τάς τςὸς aidyx'w τὸ αὐpóra, TOV% d% y. This reason.
Nevertheless by way of one of his letters to Atticus, lib. XVI: Really? % NAMES July ?.
Is there any more undignified, than to Brutus ^ wonit of July made? But Cicero Pont |.
peiam ineptiffimi amaffet the Nones of the Old of the year, which is of June of the year chastise.
TI auerfatur. But why to us, let us enjoy so great a blessing unto Cæsar, are ready to 100.
all Pompeianis. In fact, three of his triumph, in Caefàriani utterly wrong, the whole of Galatians.
1ia, Egypt, Africa, Asia, the fact Pompey yourfcif deuiétus.
This is the setting in order of the year, one of pure nugæ are. What Fiit of acquiring information on various subjects.
Caefare rat and edietam fanxerat inviolable manfiffet, Cæsar Augustus Oh.
the body is not been native to amend it again. Caefare ongoing for years.
 With Julian, the interfeetor, clothe her priests affecuti the mind least of all, it is not.
After the fourth year, vtille charged, but only every fourth annobi.
fextam intercalabant. The four quadrantcs after four years.
constitute the day, he placed, which Cæfar intercalariiuffit interTermina.
lia & Regifugium. Unless beyond which there is only attributed to the four quadrantcs.
driennio cxaéto, and confequenter the four quadrants of the county D.
pofitus not to stop the plan, except when they are equal to quadrants to him, like a rising tide. Then.
INTERCALARY day after the Terminalia Space today is the sixth Kai.
March. Therefore, it is said twice a year, fexto Kai. March. And hence the name.
The bi s t o.