
your father representative, according to the same berof. So thirteen years fubigendæ contracted.
choice and the attack Tire Impenfis and which to Cenfuales unknown.
bear right at the beginning. Again the kingdom Baal, Ithobal fuccefs.
takes place, to the thirteenth year of Irom of the fertility, but are thought to be thirty years.
'Que, menfes three. Iofephus, however, from the iifdem 'Chronicles' records, from the beginning. Ithobal ,.
trom productive to the thirteenth year, brings together the age of fifty.
thriving, menfes three. Ithobal the age of ninety eight pieces. about.
<Derive fifty four to thirty five and thirteen, to whom.
had been attacked and off from Tire, and there remains, and the year fept you run, Ithobal, in which the Tire.
assaulted grow dark. Trom he starts again in the thirteenth year of Cyrus ,.
That is, in Nabonassari centefimo oétagefimo week, which is the first year.
Finish Empire, Cyrus the mouse with the authorities. Launching fifty.
four years of solid 1 year 8 8. Nabonassari remains a year of Na.
bonaflari centefimus trigefimus the fourteenth in which he began to reign, Ircmus. Therefore.
centefimus.
• 3 4 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
centefimus quadragefimus Nabonassari of the seven current Rome, where cæ.
PTA was attacked herself. The attack was begun for the first year of Nebuchadnezzar.
nofori of the expedition of the Syriac, as it teaches berof. Centefimus of the year.
dragefimüs Nabonassari the first campaign Syriacæ Nabuchodonofori ,.
as had previously been gathered from the Jerof. Confenfus Jerof therefore surprised by the Board.
Phoenecians circumstances and vtrorumque with facris letters. place of which, what is more acceptable efTe.
Studiofis to be so outstanding? People may think, therefore, that more ancient epochs.
establishing and feptuaginta years of slavery grab Sedekia suppose that CY.
Rum nine years after the death fuum CDI & ta fa shelter from the world below. By virtue.
yes & Jews who were unfit to secure tricefimo year, of which mention is made of.
At the beginning of the first book Ezekielem think it is from the Book of innovation or treat.
triceßmum be shouting, which was VICEF abundant joy. For whether it was.
2. Let 9a less Dedu tis 4 and 7, remain after 855 years, that is, let us hopelessly.
been solved and feptemdecim, of the year of the tenth, the twenty-eighth of him who runs, two the day of Jubilee. It.
Sedekiæ a111nU1S are taken and the matter, which was of the Sabbath, as foretold by Jeremiah, • is, I say, out of the.
So was rat VICEF O & Jubilee eighteenth. And so we read in the Ezekie.
applying the cap. x XIX, 17. vicefimo feptimo year, (menfe) in the first menfisfù.
& Ium EF} t word to me) it. He was the tenth Sedekiae that was initially eiufdem.
head. Of course, if vndecimus Sedekiae was a 28 year Jubilee 'So it was nine.
VICEF seventh. Why VICEF fept, and the year, of which mention is made here ,.
O & taui tenth day of Jubilee is not the Nabuchodonofori as crassly lu.
"DAEI. How fourteen years Sedekiæ could be VICEF feptem Na.
buchodonofori, who was the tenth, there was so much oétauus? nothing like that in.
, Hebrew, Chaldee, where he began to write, Ezekiel, when he has left Nabopollassàri, it is not had already been sealed.
on his expedition to Syria were thought to be the years of Nabuchodonofori »but of the death of Nebo.
pollassàri. When the Nabuchodonofori thirteenth year of experience.
ílitione Syrian efTe tricefimo, Ezekiel told of a king, why each year.
So was cimum O & eiufdem Nabuchodonofori can not be said that tricefimo.
as well as eiufdem of the king, unless the king had already died long ago in the Tricefimo that he, to himself are annos :.
Accordingly, it was the fextus Nabuchodonofori, the fifth fomnio to its "cut.
Mention the right, Daniel. 2, I. - From this we conclude that not only is 7.
Jubilee year, but also between Jews and foreigners are celebrating the jubilee for.
shore, because the haetenus on doing so; against the temerity of unlearned men ", who do not.
They deny that the banishment of Jews in the years of the sabbatical to have kept it, and, therefore, his adversaries.
fus fententiam doétiorum, who deny that the Jews would ever let us joyfully sing to have kept it ,.
Because of the books in facris no traces. But the two, and we fall together.
scaping of it, who are not so long ago, we were in the same haerefibus. Place, therefore, he Eze.
Kiel haetenus the understanding that no bright torch SHINE time intervals.
Rum, thus shifting the mouth so persistence. To deny them for the week.
cos, whom they now practice it are the Jews, to be the true of the Sabbath through, and also to deny that which they are.
which feptimum the day of, they cease from the work, which we see today, efle true fabbata. However.
no hiding place inscitiæ fuse itself. So circumfepti ranging testimony.
facras nightmares such as secular authors such services.
Eroxiâpxrat Na %% 9% yázzeg; τω Twe9] Ifaiam xx 1 1 1, threatens destruction.
Tire eiufque appalling fpatium defined feptuaginta years. That out.
be understood in the siege of this, there is no doubt. Feptuagefimus year of course attacked.
gnationisN TA 3 O 5.
Shortly after the families of Tire sub Nabuchodonoforo defines the times and avoid ti na.
bonidi, I doubt not it is to be understood, of whom it efle with Ifaiam. For almost harsh.
uitute overwhelmed by the whole of Syria, Phenicia and Palæstina, under the rule BABY.
lonico, for example, the prediction vicefimo fifth, vicefimo fexto, vicefimo be.
ptimo, vicefimo eighth. Then the freedom & Tire & unknown.
