μεταρασις another bound to it τά τςοηγεμ $ μ,,, it is bound to άς.
τέ άτόμόροι, which is μετέρασις duplicitcr confiderat% m.
* $ O ;, & ονικός. The local leader is at times fumptu.
v. Length.
ID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 4. 289.
$. Alongitudine zodiac time to time in the context of spheroid.
co years Giuliano, in a way that is midway between the Tropic & A.
Strict. For example, a mode of local, Ptolemy, indeed, of the Tropic of μεταgozaiy of the year.
to be shipped at one level in years one hundred. But the longest duration observed.
uationem by ipfas 44 / 6μόρὰ found that the z almost 2 years.
While a single step and R & Agony & ρόμοι, development occur, for example, in 2 O 2 or 5.
has been completed by the end of the advancing angles of 28 degrees æquinoétia first star.
"Ram that times vfque plight and Metonis the year.
I think by the year 1594. The same number of 317 Nabonassa.
n, where Hesperostipa MetQne from the porch Tivxi established ad.
Christ the year 1594. By the beginning of tartar dodecatemorij.
Β Rams fell into the first star of Aries. But, according to the epilogifmos.
Ptolemœi 2 O degree summers just been promoted. Of the loser.
haetenus a change of bodily by experienced officers that accssânt resolutions.
For that within 3 O4, or 3 years æquinoétia oh oh one day.
to promote satisfactory versatile and it fequutus Ptolemy it.
τςοήγαν ίτημέω not be fed τψοάμίωσυ σελ'uiax'u, very strongly.
showed a year, Rabbi Adda. This Hipparchus and Ptolemy.
maeï delusion and detects the first and confutauit muha.
and eat not the Albateni, observation of the general who hast thou power with the adherents of Ptolemy.
the bus, learned about the seasons Ptolemœi to sua, by the age of 4 x 3 ,.
Aequin and third degree about what lies behind the seven days. For this reason the hill.
O 1 day 6 cgit per year to one year of democratic Roman Aequin & Tia.
confidence, his native trained. However Elzuphi & Elzarakeel to 1; To 1 years.
asseuerarunt to be done, so that teaches that by far the doótissimus Hcbraeor Rabbi, Rabbi.
Aben Ezra fue a book entitled The beginning of wisdom. There is also ,.
he said, A certain one of them, who said to the diminution of this kind of a farthing, that is.
everyone is entitled to a year to be part of centgfimam / Extant one day ,.
(He means Albateni) One of the main cemt% of flour. East.
He equinox, according to / breeders nofiras cent to the tric%% tax form.
one. Witt% of the $ Olu (ie above æquinoétio) who was the loser.
Elzuphi our children, for whom / facsimile worker heard by no epilogue.
mo afire. The IP / out of the way taught. Jcquutus is the master.
500 Elzarakeel (I think they call it Arzakel) in which the memo of the times FUO.
Rum has been provided. Yourfcif investigated the $ oils (Aequin.
And components) in the ßculo Fuo and that is appropriate for observation Elzuphi.
This give and richest Jew who wrote in the Jewish ca 49 O 8 ,.
ipfemet has stated that this is a bear of 448 to 648 years ago.
bifextis years to five days from the Julian destroyed his Alfonfini in the 1 3 4.
almost. With these animaduerfis draw the general conclusion, the year of A; omyíaao «ioMu £ e / jj ;.
In discussing conuerfione weeks of the year Julian weakening demand.
B Lian ,. O o s e p h 1 29 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
in .
Lian and conuerfione Aequin & ialis, quiestiustus limit of the year at.
pitch. Its two kinds of sight. Either the conuerfione only cenfeo.
æquinoétio of the same year, and specifically æquinoétium 5 Tropicus gods.
ment, or beside conuerfione also describes the role of natural ,.
heavenly signs: for the things which are, or 5 in which the name of the call that the dodecatemoria.
year bodies. In this way they are the years of the Jewish people and not only natural, but also.
two general categories. The only conuerfio enneadecaeterica Solares makes them :.
a description of the menfium: Llinares. Employment carry DC.
a quarter of a discrepancy between the judgments of so many experts, is to the receiver '.
Give is still considering. For that matter perardua and escort them while.
it became necessary tools becomes someone fails. And so, MuhammedesAl.
HOWEVER Div. 50 1 1 writes Hipparchus and Ptolemy instruments B.
could be deceived. I am rather inclined to believe, however, Ptolemy, the, than the Blues.
Parchi. Hipparchicum with the recent observation of conucniunt.
Bus. But, there are no more different than all of them in Ptolemaicae.Vt.
three doctissimus Copernicusminimas be acceptable, medium, large oWj.
άομάδαός invented. What all of us eademputamus gum.
You Earth, libramcnto 5 to estingeniofiora devices, quamveriora.
In the meantime, according to the manner of the year of the Tropic of fententiam Alfonfinorum assumc.
the mouse, as long as the reason for a rather long time, or that He confirmauerit; it or making.
FREQUENTLY, improve discovered.
"A 500 E N T E N E 1000 1000 2 O T> T d>.
I I. A K H Σ.
N V 1000 Solar crowd also calls annumIulianum. Hip.
parchusquidem reditioncm from the æquinoétio, to the same or the Aequi.
& Cups year solar calls. But by Sunday the same points.
Zodiac, Adidas points, conuerfio the proper Solaris.Re year.
minded were indeed, therefore, of the year nomine tcnues they are, but in reality it is not equal to f e.
Rio balcony. Revenue from the sun and the moon, the sun, the greater is the period.
phase of the moon, which is called Zita (3 ;. hand Solisab fair income.
