 The tenth Actudτςιθ same since.
Pyanepfione. Vndecimus Aλαλκομά® same as maemor & teriones.
But the rest menfes not yet found. Now it has happened and the head of PE.
Rio inueftigarc is difficult, because of the shortage of examples. Phi.
Aristidis tarchos to combat Platæenfi% Urlw τω μαχω άμαχότd0.
% R r ^ gg)% E i5ap from $ ta) A $ lwojeg, x3 d \ Bo161 and rat; αc) § IIøviue 49iyojlos. The year was fruitful Olympiad Lxxv and.
JProinde 298 Iphitcus, periods Atticæ through 3, which Boedromion 1 x v 1.
September, needed ἐαθέσιμαῖος. and for this reason the fourth Boedromio.
The political end of the third was not true, as he also Plutarch or the like.
pres teaches us about Camillo: Good IIigra ulw05} ομιόος ἐκτή μόMaeg.
Sow, agirj d ^ v ^ 2 α'lauaîc duz & z $ MvxaXw II $ Marays. This is true.
τω calls, which Aristidis τετεασα, namely through # 6 £ OV.
Boedromion September of that for seventeen years, and therefore h τετεας, habit.
ta êáúgársos ratio, that is, ή τ, tin, XIX September. Therefore, when.
XIX of September XXVII Paneme Thebâni, Blow Pane.
my match vicefimum quarter Auguft. Consequently, the twenty Lulij him.
OJ of the first new moon of the menfis aeftir, whom Plutarch says the Hippodrom.
miom a Thebanis named. However menfis aeftir only twice in the head.
Matt fell in the Olympic period July, the ninth annotrigefimo ,.
& Fexagefimo fourth. The silence Atticæ years are added to 32 ,.
Thebane may have a period of years, or from the Olympic years.
6. year are to be conducted, and thus false shall Paneme real effect Boe.
dromionem, but only half of Metagitnionem & Boedromion.
Plutarch Lcu and fight again the price, who cast the loser.
So fe56 E 4 1 1 O S P H E S C A L E R 50 1
So productive year Olympiad Ioz so fcribit: $ e & p) auvign authentic @ 3A
So odgouie μ'ινός, άς δ 'A3Joi xaxäov Ex GußaX® $ i5ap it.
πάμή. Manifeftum for example, Exo 'μθαιόθ%, so, too, Iawod and back.
isagogis understood. However, quia non appofuit tlu) Tosiaia 8iaaodgouie no.
poffunt ftatuam.
E) R.
Ο ο's 1 500 P E R N A L A S N 5 100 A.
N O-fourth Olympiad 91, had sunk to the nineteenth from the beginning.
Bellus Peloponefiaci, Demofthenis and Nicias Athenienfis du B.
the food of the war in Sicily, adminiftrantibus, there is now no moon, no.
And you fecutus which is vicefimum feptimi Augufti, in the period lu.
oh i Rana 43 And immediately, the next night, Nicias inhoneftc fefe rCcit.
wise from the fuperftitione lack of, with almost the whole of the army to be hoftibus,.
terficiendum wearing them. Polybius Libri 1 x. Kαι μ! U) Nixiag 6.
} * A $ lwaja, $ egτηγός σuύσμόρθ (j% w% AE τές Σύegx ag $ egr®.
P! A, xgj ^ Assovium Tijger yvxTòg dgμύζ καιο} ῦ ἐς% λα $ άν ἀ τολεμίοις ,.
2 & τύχωgήτως him; do4% ^ i ;, x £ 7te% τῆ (λλήηζ έπλ / 7r & αης, άς τι dewów.
Ἀγοσημασ & αης, ἐπάαε τ'u Aia ^% ^ ylu, Sec. This is Eclipfis with.
it is from Plutarch K> Geier ulwός τετdgrlw @ φδύοντ. & Poftea.
Metagitnionem do the same with the flesh. Oh periods of the year, there was a C.
lympicæ 6o, and are, therefore Atticæ VICEF forth fruit from: of which He.
catombaeon 2 July 5, Metagitnionem 24 Auguft. That happened to.
Eclipfis night, which is a quarter of a day fecutus Metagitnionem. This.
is to τεταςτη μέσχετιιόό γαμέμε. Hence the new Kapreia incident.
In the first dit Auguft. There was, therefore, Kapyá0 that year would be for some time.
Then Metagitnionem partner. yourfcif but the fact cli Hecatombaeon.
Atticus. However, the new Hecatombaeon of July falls on a yo ,.
This is impossible contingerc, except in an Olympic year period 6o. But.
that which was fexagefimus Olympic period. Therefore undoubted.
You Syracufàna same period of the Olympics. How poftea.
Archimedes menfibus Calippicis illuftrauit light, the signal from it to the book of D. rc
with the manufacturer of the Sphere, after the example of Eudoxus, & Callippus are, of whom al.
three times in sua Oétaeteride, the other in sua period 7 6 for several years.
circles, considering that these τάς λκα% ασεις ύ φυομάω account eye.
los knowledge. In this no fue fetched beside fortaffe more ,.
, or less than the number of the circles which, that I might easily be found out from the others is.
polirc, this Sphere beside vctuftiffimos, remembers Claudia.
   less light.
.
i.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 57.
A less brilliant inscription. And Fane mistaken who fcribunt, fphaeram.
$ Agadis fine, fine κεικωτω, discovered by Archimedes, which is false.
could be imagined. Because of its usefulness periods & fphaeram Agá3y in me.
memory of so great a boon, Syracufani the tomb of Archimedes by the Romans.
to the soldiers, killed a Sphere of infculpi took care to make: which indication I pray this.
Henry quaeftore by Cicero, whose tomb, not even when he was not alone.
gleets, but also the citizens of properties unrecognized effect. She remembers the period Archi.
Medea & Virgil :.
In the midst of two ßgna, Conor, who was the other 6 ,.
T) are among the radio eßripßt whole world.
Times that crop, which stooping plowman ?.
In fact, Archimedes, defcripfi a man's deeds, which he added, of the fashion of the Sphere ,.
I have been with the example of a family member of Conon samij, whom, when he himself are demonstrations of Archimedes.
Virgil joined. For the fignificant this period as Maui.
Melon loquentiOrbis is affecting the aíiod © emoda the company £ τη? / xfi :.
 - Calumque new spring / changes in the world.
