 However, no reduction.
| having less fear of them, it was clear, and from the die.baptifmatis & passion.
When, then, He was fit and proper person among them, in the celebration of the birth of, v t.
the issue resolved, it is time to explore some of the arguments co.
born in December last twenty colleague who is Christ.
argument. Only the religious ceremonies, and once a year a fan.
& TA fànótorum company that incenfum osserret God, namely, X ,.
tifrum day. An Zacharias Pontiff was seen.
Angel with osserret incenfum the fanétis fanétorum and fequenti night.
ti John Leah conceived, and in such a way, as it had spoken to Angelus. Day aw.
Every seven, the angel appeared, it was Matt 1 September. VI.
500 Menfo Sea pregnant, x v March. Of the twenty.
cembris birth. And these things are, indeed, John the Chryfostomus in the.
τω γέλιον ημάegy speech and despite the XXV 1 1 Sept.
fever is silent. In September, but only Angel said. which.
an enormous book of the great and in prayer, it could be established for the refutation of the instrument ;.
\ PFE is Chryfostomus said in the same speech decade earlier.
To Constantinople by the Romans of that day to the rite of the inueétum, and indeed ,.
few years, the remainder of that day were wont to celebrate antca the Romans, from whom.
 Zz z Corí544 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 A GE I.
Constantinopolians recently learned. This all show recently.
Ram & nouitiorum religion of the day. Among the Romans, from where it derives its origin.
of this worship, is not Ambrofio I find it is an older, who Matt was ten.
of November, the birthday of the Lord, go to law, in addition to him about Clement 's the Canon of the 13.
lib. v. rlu) 9% ^ ιον, ήτις υμῦ ἐπίελεύω άxaj) riuiii% and Wdret ulwds. I.
minit thing as if it comes from the Apostles instructed, and taken, which a little before the times of.
Chryfostomi starts is in vfu. All that depend on the pope.
great Zacharias, who was out of the people facerdotum and the incenfi.
make the offering, which is upon the altar, incenfi sacta is from the vfu food every day, it is not in the.
fànétis fànétorum. Therefore, as of September takes place the tenth of the tifrum xxvii, this.
could not happen except in a fifth and eighth stages Alexandrcae.
Matt tifrum September, weekday feptimi, decimaigitur encounters chapter B.
propofitum that there was a lunar cycle. Which is why the λισμός%.
Miriam on March twenty happened in the cycle of the moon is ongoing, virtually year.
mud after the death of Herod, the birthday of Matt December.
So, two years in addition to the method of the lunar cycle: a.
When this thinking Christ 1596 years of productive cycle Bio.
nyfianum 1595 much importance. This error was rather warm.
In his speech in the same Chryfostomus the nativity of John the Baptist, in the which they are.
it is said, that John was a born fuifíe mense of June, which oétauo day before the Kalends.
June on the moon fifteenth. It disagrees be. For ff.
xxvii The moon was shining on the tenth of September, fcquitur at all, as Matt.
June fequentis moon XT and therefore the lunar cycle fecunc.
dus. Accordingly mixttire ongoing cycle in the T fequente
cembri. No one can think eventually the absurdity of violence.
please. However, the birth of Christ, twenty of December. it depends on them of this history.
fideratione & greatest pope Zachary & tenths Tifrixxvii.
Sept.conuenientis. The patriarch offered by the same Anastafio BO.
Chen in his sermon ά τῶν φα% λισμὸν ἐ τἀναχεαντε Κ Θεοτόκε Magic ;.
It museums and manuscripts extant in the library current among Bonauenturae.
Our Vulcanij. The words of the, which tend to it, these things are; which produces ,.
because it does not accord to him, from the rich man with the Chryfostomi, MaximoMona.
cho, and other ἀτ2633 / 12 / rrJ623'yduovisg € ίσίςχζ%)%% α ἀγαγίων them ,.
ixazdμόρθ 'ύrie? ^ AG. 56.) âixaquę W% γμάeg iXaq nec íuíeg. D.%
zteygaeo; S & miilg. U £ yaani xixAss) Ta? aJ% H% $ owm yo. izifls d ^ 4 ;.
cuj'τη τῆ άλατη% IED) öuε μ'ινός, άς ἐν Ozló £ E / G> e) E P 100 1 7ræg.
E ^ £ gajos eydμάρ. Ato $ $ Awgxie tlw dgxlu) dyeoi and at Eôegiot.
τὸ ou) dexgTW R3 'aexfilw 3 άμε μlw}; iieg142 3 ZozXayiag Tlw.
the λxlu%) öäaaido άσσα, καλ φαγέλόm tlw J ßøásá% 10% nop.
μ £ 3 'fiw a $ ngjaag t'u i3nusgiav dvrJ αέχωgnra them ROV oixov dvrJ. xx ,.
€ 9u) gods from noif ^ & * (a fin.% N and x and y τὸ λεγομέμη τωσελ% g, ®.
τὸ σιωí.

---_ _ 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 50 1000 v 1 p. 6. 545.

Aτε σωάλαá if yu% civi8 FROM £ ¥ 3 at. Where, here and there it should be noted, of April.
to be the first menfem, but not that of Mars, it: Item: of October to seventh.
for most, but not to the September the name of. It had been with Gregory Turonenfis.
menfis oétauus is November, not October. So once said in an.
High fànóta fanétorum no legal step, and he says later.
Zachary complete ἐφημεθίλω domumreuertisse. There were several.
the chief of the maximum. Then ipfas ἐφημεeido fulfilled in plenilu.
What is a dream? And so we did? If at the tenth Octobris conceived Elifabeth ,.
Or, so it happened in April and λισμός% from Mary. How could.
Matt March, then? It should be recognized, however, the opinion of the old to be of sufficient age.
mo pontificate of. For it is fententia Ambrofius in.
B Luke. If there was little smoke fàcerdos as the ἐφημέe / zw had ?.
And how áraz3 * 3vuáσω 5 does not need to pause to those who do not.
which is to read the news of the fruits, neither shall they bring all to the glory of confutano. Only.
petty been established that the cause for which they Christiin birthday.
