
sit in the year 575, it will undoubtedly be confused with Sunday 57 4 years.
it is the case that, because I do not know how it came to Kai. October ,.
Since motion is depicting. It read Kal.Sep.
of September, it is not Octobris. And it's true. See, at the end of the fourth book, a trans.
Abefita Hlodouei, to the tranfitum of Sigebert of it was of Hlotario of a grandson, pu.
lot of years; 7 and 29, it is "Hlodoueus was 66. He died in 5o9.
Therefore, his nephew died in Sigeberht 57 5. Regnauit years XIV.
And so the year of the 56o, and He began to reign, 1, or 56: the same as before there was a solemn assembly,. And.
However, the government started it seemed 569 years. This is very difficulty for me.
exercet.Quod the Sigeberht King died in 57 5-established.
100 of the XIX, in which mention is made of the Emperor Justin is any slack.
He lost his mind because of the legislation would be taken up to.
focietate of Emperor Tiberius, Constantine's son, 57 6. But the year.
And further confirmed the XVII, where he had to note that year.
no doubt Pa / € of these. France, however, will in many cities, guar.
todecimo first of April / or phase and £ celebrauimus Others are verocum.
Hi / * • Bread, the first of twelve I / olennitatem held. E
HUdeberti rat year is fruitful, that is, absolute vtipfè radiation to.
speak. Accordingly, there was the 577 year cycle of the moon VIII: Sunday XXVI.
The Sunday version C. Easter term, xiii, the first of May.
Therefore, ipso terms of Easter was celebrated. That is very strange. Head.
500 XXV: 4mmo the third Hildebert kings, which was' oh Hilperich.
Gunthchrammi / eptimus nine. From this starting point it is confirmed.
Gunthchramni are not present in 569 »fed a 56o, you please. If an.
578 x 7 Gunthchramni Christ the mouse is released, that is, x v 3 ,.
(For he always talks), then 584 year critical xxiiiit indiétio.
I (ecundum. Consequently, the Council of TT Valentine's written straight out.
tat, im Council held city of Valentima x. Id. Iulij, Rev. 3 years.
Gunthchramni Kingdom glorioßßimi of kings, labor grain..
   FSS; Ini618 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
During the Second Lugdunenfi first $ ynodus live in the city of Lyon, A.
ammofextorgniglorioßßimi Gunthöhramni Pggia, indiétione one-third. A.
culdubio harvesting, the thirteenth of the labor force. And it was the year of the 565 ,.
{Outwardly flowing from the year 56o, she died Hlotarius and youngsters son Giinth.
chramnus entered regnum.Caput 29 "O 3 and books belong force adann.
583. Acts chapter thirty seven books a year, compared to 584 that.
He was decimusRegis Hildebert. Sedmira it is auétorishallucinatio.
Cuiusverbaapponam: And they which heard the angel of the walls of vrbu I have met them infia.
of Heaven is wont to dwell, they left the cart, and offered *, and the diuerfa hindrances, together with the people.
smaller robufiiores viriip / nm, sScum already Garummam tran / gone into / É.
quidjiinant. When they came to the bustle of the Basilica / ancfi the VIN.
centij, which is near the limit Agemmenßs of the city where the IP /? The martyr for B.
The name of the contest said confùmmaße. Vincent DiaconusA.
ginnenfis was beheaded estpro to Christ, in the place, which is called the Pom.
peiacus to the ipfum Agen, v Idus of Iune, and great was formerly included in its primal source.
the reason was: so much so, that thou perform all the temples of the old with the name of the Vincentij.
fecrata throughout the whole of Aquitania, Vincentijfint of this, it was not his Cse.
fàraugustani. But then fallen into disuse, his memory and his temples no.
a mini dedicated to the, to him, there are Caefàraugustano to have been punished by not knowing how to do so.
tion, and today the birthday of Vincentij Agen, and in Aquitaine.
not in June, but only in January as well-dressed. The lucky it thus: the top.
fùccifo took her, who proceeds from the death of the triumph over me. But he Caefàraugustanus in the.
three times the torture left him, and the testimony of his wisdom, of his popularity. So you want this c.
centij Aginnenfis the name of the Basilica, not far from Lyons to terms with conuco.
the backbone of the, at the valley Capraria, which, here, too, yearns to me, of which the Basilica.
minit book miracles, the head c v. Valley Capraria off.
Aginne plufquam the way, is a four days, But Gregory are wrongly counted.
Aginnenfis been understood as the border of the city. But it's miles.
the defumpfit, itascripferat, militesGunthchramni King burst in.
Basilica utterly wrong Vincentij, FITA to the a city of It is true, he that mar.
tyr within the time limit for the name of Christ in the city of Aginnenfis agoncm.
confummasse said. So, in the end, it had been written by her and tie.
war, which was between the army and Gunthchramni of the King, & Gundobaldi.
happened. Why is our extensive Gregory. Aimoino D.
it seems that smelled like about the vice. Accordingly, in another way tells what was, but there is such as appropriately.
bare, rather than the issue seems to be decided upon. That, however, is anathema.
584 mis of Christ, agreed on by Appendicis Russia.
næ, is Fredegarius fine, fine person, that these events contributes to the arts.
whether Gunthchramni xx 1 1 1 1, and the second fynodo Valentina ,.
supra demonstrated that it was the year of Christ 584, indiétione be.
metals. This one-year program should hâve, because the noble city of the Lugdu.
Inl1I11 * 500 from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 5 B. I. 619 :.
.
.
A whether he agrees that for many years with the Roman empire.
