 There.
Scholuim vetusapud Fuluium Vrfinum: Koz} λιάδης έν άδωτάςα ἐγ άλλη.
»IX 'y & TW ypx <PA. From £ d ^ ® | If τοία Θλαλλιόος μ'ινός, άς μά τίνες ἐe / x.
άγόόη ίχονγία. ές ό ό τω μιxegyI ^ ιασα, άγd) O © öiwoy6. o) oeiai $ ασ.
τός τι, ἀλαον φασκων αυμάσι τότε τω καlίληψω, Wiwa v) 3 μέρ ILU, tie j.
¢ â € ¢, λαμπα d | '^ ^ e irir end. μετούτφ δ μόνον τῆ ἀγὰ φδύοy%.
aizrá ^ 4. d% d & avuzredº mxw E2, AIOs and ς όμολογεμός ἐσόζης. Av.
ciuay® * d§ 4no Anuo4 %% A% ηο ρασιλ & ονς ἐσις τετdgre, e> £ y.
Aιλό i., § 8 d to axoirw. He 4o6 years, as in Eufebius, honeycomb.
gnant; fequentis Tctraeteridis first two years, this is Matt period ,.
Great Troy was taken captive, they want to at all, that is, to grovel before a moonless. However, none of veterans.
Um moonless night was produced. They are, therefore, not to be listened to. Posts.
mo suppose that 4o 5 years, two full moon occurred wish year.
Tetracteridis fequentis ongoing, the period x 1 1 1 1. Virgil :.
 And already the Greek inflruótis mauibus emergency.
". And i Temede, seeking amicaJìlentia ILt4m4. C.
Serum: $ eventh EF Moon were taken from Troy, whose / imulachrum apudeaer.
GOS established. From this, they said, lay in the carriage. - Doétif.
POLITIANUS share this sink in addition to the usual disregarded moon.
This is evident, therefore, all of the season of the year, it is not out next year. For end.
the apprehension of the truths of the Great Troy was, indeed, would have it, a little before the summer solstice. & Qu9d.
Virgil fequutus up.
 Summer had barely begun.
The father Aeneas give the sails down and ordered. - The year is not.
conference. And yet, doótissimi among them, as he that despiseth these difquifiuerunt, between the.
Troy grab a trench from the first Olympiad of years D.
4o7 praecife, Ephorus, Callisthenem, Damastes, Philarch guitar.
nes Eratosthenis, which allows much weight Dionyfius Halicarnaf.
differently. Why Diodorus the most accurate of all the first year.
rnum xciiii varying Olympiad, that is, the year c c Lxxiii.
the first Olympic celebration, was ¥ àydonxo or agâς ἀς άακοσίοις μ ;.
τω ποίας ἀλαου. Therefore derive 37; about 78o, whether they remain.
if 4o7, the distance between the grab Troy, Olympia, bringing to 95.
  tCnn..
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. v. 375.
A loser. But it came to pass, therefore, of Cafus annotertio of the third Tetractefidos ,.
ously, that is, in periods of 1 x attic, full moon. Neomen.
Thargelion thirty May 1. vicefimum the third Thargelion 1 xx 1.
Lunij. Fequentis remained at the head of the year, xxxvii, the days, of which the.
x v 1 îgozrois $ a2 / ydg, that is V 1 1 1 July exclufiue. And microwave ;.
X X 1 of the æĄäū Huag, head arini fequentis that have Hi.
bro At first, the board of New Moon Atticarum. However Dionyf.
Halicarnassenfis he was only twenty Aîas, XT is 1 to 1.
τοτές. Understands the inclufiue. I July 1 includes a force on it.
number. anirhaduertimus to do that and Plutarch, who, for the.
qgidxoy said τειaxo5öv%, and the AXA% 6V for ἐκα%. Nor was foJ.
Blum, but also other Greeks. Has really occurred, that year is, therefore, in the; In the period 531.
.

Lian. Anfir Iphias fell into the first of the year; 938 stages.
All Star. In which he argues, that which was the year 467. propofitum. Notabis.
however, the Board moons Attic proves z $ vfidg p.
gíegς be paid not to go with a year to belong, to which the appofitum are, fed to the beam of faith.
quenteih. Example: In the first year of the period is noted Aga zero.
This means that by the end of arini the conclusion that there was a period last term ,.
to the beginning of the first year, nullame be aeëìíîlw íuáegy. An ongoing again.
mo.appofitæ are from $ 27 FLA). That is, by the end of the first to start e.
cundi, there are 27 aeiam. Accordingly, the year of 1 x 11 aeeiai attributes of the target.
glorify, by the end Annix 1, at the start of x 1, had 11 points íuíegς them.
However, it was only 100 Dionyfius xx cenfeo, which excludes namely V 1 1 f.
From July to them. Dicimuspleniluniumfuisse again when we understand be.
According to the vfum periods of the attic; And, as Dionyfius said, Gazaevú® A $ t.
vojo 6% 336/83 ciy8oi. which is the most discreet of him by the day. Period.
For attic accomrnodabat nouilunia Tetraeteridum tartar Iphis.
ii. And so, from the capture of Ilium, the first Olympiad, & LEES OF WINE Iphis.
TI carried out moon aegossynoi $ horarurh j z. A fæculoautem Iphias to.
Dionyf Halicarnassenfem and August, only two or abdomen. Why.
go astray, nor of the moon to the reasons of these things, who they claimed was inquired. So it is captured.
Iliom year period Iulian 353 1, IunijxxII. The year of 2767 ,.
Didymonos month. Charaeter Zygon i. 9. 35. O & tobr. v.
1) In the Jewish 2 578 x 1 1 1 1 Tamuz, whose charaeter 3. 14. 91 d.
And this is true year and a day trapped ilija. In fact, as we have said, xxiif.
Thargelion in the third Tetraeteridos has a full moon. In.
This year Thammuz & Didymon power. The epoch, therefore, that.
years. 4o7 absolutely its the first Olympiad is out.
fententia Eratosthenis: the Eratosthenea. All that is certain.
sway. In the first period, when discussing the attic that we cant.
limuscafum Ilija a year before the first Olympiad in the 4o8, but may be comprehended.
".. II 4 1 ὸpinio38 o e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R.
Marcus
far more informed opinion about 4o7 years. From these matters can repeat A.
