
 .
Euangelium fàcrofanâum with the help of nofiri and $ eruatorù our IE SV A.
Ch ris t 1, one day Oh tricefimo menfis of Tamuz »On Tuesday, the atmosphere or.
mo XII / out millefimo fexcentefimo octag% Mo feptimo J / pivot. Where.
A. RA is obviously Indiétio. But although they are Christians, they are.
scripferunt, Arabicc facra celebrate, however, two topics for them.
they are, that they simply obeyed the Patriarch of Constantinople, that of course.
in the account is used in the Greek world, and that at the end of each ,.
Rum Euangelistarum the Greek capital last Euangelijscriptumest.
Neither this Indiétio started from the new moon Ijar for Ecclefias.
From Antioch, they were not given to them, but from the of the month Elul, that is, Gorpiaeus the Syrian tongue.
In the Macedonian, or in September. Therefore it was the year of Christ 1179: a.
which was running on Indiétio the twelfth to, vfque to the new moons, and of the month Elul. vlti B.
ma, however, Tamuz, fine lulij, fine Paneme, it was the third day of the week, the basic cycle.
Sunday XII. The first Indiétio Constantine stands out in stages.
Julian was 5 ° 2 5 582 1 Pascal Greece account, account Lu.
58o7 their nose.
A ID E 1000 10 1 E N T S T O A 100 O N A N T 1 N O.
 1000 A G E N 500 5 1 100 m.
Constantine the Great dictus E F G y R 1 cvs AN is said, a thousand fexagin.
'Ta years by means Maxentio from all over to lust and tyrants.
nests have been accumulated fuse to the bandages. And in the V. C. millefi c.
mo fexagefimo completed, this is the first millefimo fexagefimo.
cunte, Constantine began to rule, to be above the 5 & Constantin.
From Orofio quoted 3 O7 year, from autumn. Again the same thing.
IPanegyristes adding six solid years of civil war that protraétum ,.
neither the present year, she reached the Empire, and a tyrant to returne to the feptimum ,.
What, you ask, the number of them is done to make. The end of the empire and the life.
xentio was the year of Christ 313, and even 314 years, if we Eufebio ,.
He compares it with the fruitful year 2 7 2. The Olympiad.
Fane is false. This happened in first is not.
ongoing. Onufrius contend with this year is the year of Christ.
STI 313, but that it contributes to the victory. d. Kal. and VIII of October, D.
in vain. It is the Encæniis Constantine. And for a surprise.
rent from Onufrio, her strength and victory by Panegyrists at this time.
contributed. For no one of them Panegyrists, who have the benefit of Rhe '.
paperbacks are issued, vfpiam day that a formal statement relates. But even.
polyhistoricotatos a barber that he perfuaferat. And after many years.
tempore, as it happens, it happens, so that he learned this from a kind of thinking that the writer of fe ,.
perfuaferant to meet that to be true. The year driven Maxentijest.
2 5o 6D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 5o7 ,.
/.
A 5o2 6 stages of Julian compiiti Greek Easter, 582 2, Lu.
compiiti their nose 58o8. .
500 E 100 N O N S E S S 5 1 100 e n o.
N vs. Alexandreus Syromacedonum 500 exxxvi is the first.
The year admitted Nice, Auetore Socrates. He Hyperberetaeus.
He began the year through 3 4, Kai. October, where I always start.
In the fourth Olympiad 27 years of Antioch 5, also in straight no.
The proof is in the Chronicle Eufebiano, Constantine fourteenth year oétauo.
beginning. Photium writes the author of an anonymous 17 year Corr.
B Constantine in removing fynodum. Then a z 4 September. 3 years o8 ink paralysis.
Hum Constantine. For the first 3 2 5. He admitted that celebrated him.
Alexandreo same year, and the Olympic Acqaie éwçaxoud \ xaTW, 7) d% tov.
aguava Ka ^ DVD \% y 1 & λίε, namely menfis on June XIX, Friday, cyclo.
Sunday XXVI. Greeks cannons ipfis these premises are: Kawówç Oh.
agtaxooiovd% ια έ έκτὸ αγίων τατίςαν δ and Nixaig σuελ $ 6yT and y ùzwa.
Veig IIowλΙγε ζ Ιελισσά γ λαμποτατω, ἐφις ΣXai scriptstyle A ^ 3aid; e, &.
μlwi Aauaig Eyriès axdrM e d, t e d £ x agóy KaAwd% and 1% ia /. Released.
Council for the third year running, after it was convened ,.
Alexandreo 638 a year, which starts on October Christ 27 ,.
100 vicennalibus Constantine, which starts the second Indiétio Constance.
tiniana € A la publicareferri: Cycle last Sunday promulgated by the IVth.
January in the gods, but the first of the year Imperatorijillius faeculis a xxiv September.
And it follows that he is a cycle of, of which it was the first double C letter, the sum of G, cæptusha.
beri proprimo, they begin to A and ta Concilii that, from him, and from the first day of the week.
Imperatorij the first day of the year, namely from September XXIV. First in.
and, cycle by them, which coincides with the start of the first Thursday ,.
Imperatorij the first day of the year, with the first year of the levy while.
From the first moment, and she synodico. Then he left the cone.
Hum Eufebius the Ecclefiastica history, when Constantine Vicennalia.
he gave. In his Chronicle, Eufebiano, Olympias, who had 276 from the region of the year, 3 ,.
is written vicennalibus (onstantinos Nicomedia and / equen year.
1) issued in Rome. In the same transcripfit care of Fastos Cassiodorus ,.
c o s s.Ianuario and lust. That is, they are given out by the Vicennalia. d. 8.
& Kal. of October of that year of Christ, from the time he entered the summer of this year.
276 Olympiad third, fifth cycle of the moon. That was a year.
Christ 27. Now that the first year was the year of Constantine.
Christ o7, so that it has been demonstrated est.Nam haetenus in his beak above the whole of it.
