
Are fecutus of Constantine the Great, vfque to the times of the last defense of Con.
Constantinople Caef. The most common of these stories fall into cafus ,.
will never be the end of this period, of which the plan can be carried out, Already in the years.
auetor the unity of Christ as the principal criterion Dionyfiana, alters 5 through 3.
as possible, even if the number of years of Christ greater fuel.
5; 2 annis.Reliquum the current year period. Example: Suppose year.
Christ above the propofitus unit 546. In addition, abicctis 53 2, remains.
fecüfidæ running fifteen year period Dionyfianae. Incella, vbiest year.
B 1 5, ipfos below 15 years old, have XXIII, that is vicefimum third year.
cycliSolis. But, to the fruitful by the side, the pillars, and out of the regionexxIII, you have that.
At Sunday with the letter G in the first column. Therefore annoxv periodicy.
clus Sunday was 2 and 3, the letter G. The Sunday Above 1 have a 5 year terms.
Easter Sunday was mum with the letter G. Therefore Kal.April.in version.
Ritger, Terminus, falls on a Sunday, Easter, and therefore the dissun.
solenita Refurreétionis remarks on Sunday fequentcm ,.
Then, in phase VIII April. Accordingly crowd wandered the nineteenth year apparent.
if that applied to the phase term in Kal. April cclebrandum.
to be. The fate Ccdreno agreed to mediocritcr doetè for Λ φάαα.
£ ja read 1 ^ q> £; aagi. The vice of pcriodi, and others, that ad.
• plot belong to the book fated fue ongoing. Anastasius lib. XXII.
7o6. Jamnis vicefimo command Constant procuring e mistake Pa / (be: a.
όrthodoxi some of the East odtaua April Passhe celebration.
surprised. J4t erromei, however, the heretics of the Ides of eAprilis. The year was 7 6o Christ.
Cycle) first. On Easter, the Easter term April.non mounts.
And so, when the next day was Sunday, which fell upon what he wishes to nescio. For.
force. No April conucnit term. Miruscstlocus ,.
IDE to an uncertain TROPICO Persarvm ;.
v = 1 V E N E R Z E G 50 A 50 ae o ,.
A 1T • 5 5 50 S T A N E O..
100 AE 500 E Iezdegird, adhæctempora, idemfemper the state.
Ae Finish, solutishabenis, there is no intercalation of the day, or of men.
f feruata. Nor have the popular every other year.
to him, reaching the grave of the Sultan of the zoph them provide for to-day; Nevertheless, in those things.
to their religious rituals and worship, Lunaria menfe.
the bus hegirae used. Since, however, fastidiofe, and fuperstitiofe day, and produce.
the time of aequinoctijs inuestigant, for the sake of Panegyri, than the history of anti.

C o s e p h 2 quissimo3o 100 45 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
quissimo Perfàruminstituto the ipfomomento, where Aequin & ijfidus A.
practice, it is observed that the abundance stressed book 3. in that aw.
Do not for the sake of the form of the wandering of the year Iezdegirdici dissicile is idassequitam tem.
GLC & Perfico a quarter or a year, which, because of the precedent.
aequinoétiorum for that reason, General Corafàn, fine Mefopota.
too much, after calling astrologiæ men skilled in charge of a new year institutions.
, the task assigned. The commander who issued it, and Fanx, name, album.
Arfalan Elfelegeuki Elhavvaraz, Muschahi Sultan Corafan. CONUS.
Whereupon the edietam royalty eight heroic Omar Elhaiamu ,.
Abu Hali Hafen's son Haitham, Elbiruni Abu Elvvapha Elbuzgia.
m, Ellukari, Judge iurifdiétionis Elphakati and AbenSina, which CEB.
  • O • © • •.
Go Auifenam call. These eight U j that is the leading men know.
yes, 1 to 3 years, most Aequin O & Tia former fedes trained.
C °% FVSla indiebus J Rome, hocestinanno Julian so that the entrance 648.
Intercalation of five years, the Romans præcife Bifèxti Rome, all the.
equal to y j] = ^ & call, dropping angles. Now the stand of the year.
devils in Aequin & tioabipfisobseruato on quartadccima Adarró.
my dear, that is MartijIuliani, at the hour of our said of z $ postmcridicm be said with modesty that.
ta XT 1 1 1 PhrurdinIczdegirdici, killing 448 a year to its Iezdegird ,.
Ramadhan sixth year of Hegira year was 471. Christ Dionyfianus.
1o79, cyclusSolisxxIIII, Lung XVI. He called the Oromazda Phrur.
Neuruz Essultani.Hocest and n is an acquinoétij imperatorij. M.
fium for the appeals not to others, they do wear, than the vulgar and the Jezreelite had.
degirdicis. It can never intercalare the day of feathers, save íumma exscrupularia.
and a high tahoras 24 confummauerit. Hincfit, vtnonraro five days.
in the company & tointercaletur. Then W. A H E Alaska, that is ίπαγόμέμω effected.
force days, as is customary in quartoquoque year cxeuntein A & tiacum Elku.
pti. In this form, they do wear in the Pancgyribus Neuruz of the year, in his annals;, &.
Book of Chronicles, and in the Almenichis, & Ephemeridibusfuis: Do not distinguished by any temp.
ruminterueniat agitation, annopopulari Iezdegirdico what to whom.
can not be met through both old and neglc NeuruzSalchodaiperiodum.
great. Nomcn this year and the "y i] & JSsJ] AJS D.
Augusto air is astronomical. For JS> is impaired. It is also known.
= 1 J & A); Dropping in the royal males, as previously sex.
The board of this form fubiecimus ,.
A. SHEET
\ ON E 1000 N 500 E A T T E P O RV 1000 1000 Li p. 4. 3o5.
5 50 B A A A A 1000 G P E R N AE 1 500 o i
5 E R N A 50 50 5 ZG e i
1 595, Julian, 2 December 3 ,.
Ash 1 1 1. The Eternal meth.
100 A A A A A CTE Προήnas VOO | 100 M A R A. . Petiodi.
