 For all expect.
hours after a fresh appeal to be stricken by the Greeks in the countries.
les retina. Why are the older sub fèptimanæ appcllatio days.
the names of the seven planets and planetary hours.
More recently, the name of the chronicles of the invention is, for every hour of use.
sub marks planets. In ancient times, the Jews ^ 9% 6% G ipfum day for you.
nebras and light vefperam morning and divided that time.
IM Yay joined the call as Daniclis. To the Greeks, in the same compound.
fitioneDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 7. O 37.
A fition is wzóμε /. Divide into four whole interval.
vetoes. And called for their quadrants ipfos of the Vigil, so also, the Romans and also of the Gentile.
The first quarter from the sun in the West, and the center no time sy nibtis that.
such action. Paul turned δι} is fimpliciter. It followed that in mind ,.
unless> ur, watch media, the media is not & you DESTROY east on.
That said, our two quodinter solca interieéta between the occafum or light.
value, and the rise fequentis light. Then fequebatur part nnibus ;.
Watch, from sunrise to noon. Paul agwiaw. Posts.
Watching moquarta pr £ n, south of fexta hour to twelve hours, and.
Occafum sun. This ancient Jewish heads. Pfalmorum LV. 18.
After the three parties, fine watch ipfas diuifa, more jury.
B mano. Nen, a serial number three. Accordingly e d & ωτάegς ἐ ἐ τείτης φυ.
Άακά; Luke remembers Dominvs xii.Scd Mark xiii first.
ma a part of is called the όφά, may be fruitful μόυκτον, and the third dλεκτεοφωνία. Why.
In nisy vu it is written by ngvp% y%) my $ m mm ninpub nuºru pnpsjstis.
• managing nay w ^ t ^ f if the viiPn npvjpi. Here quoddicis be aided.
gilias mcää, 65ßngulù of watching the $ enediäus said H E V O qv D.
5 e s o o la Vi 500 1000 1000 E vM Marcus Jewish oracles, and.
inept, but what is true for the triple watch and no tie, and institutions.
Roman safety..
     .
J4diice nouilumium) Who knows nouilunia past and wants.
fequens know, lies past nouilunio cpaétas menfis fable.
€ tifrum next, as shown, it will be 1. Io. 2 O9. Add 1 1. 1.
79; , Characters menfis fable. You 1oo 2. 2. 2 Z charaeter.
On Tuesday the nouilunij Marchcfvvan because it exceeds 18 hours.
the West, or 24 meridie. It will be the night of the twelfth.
Octobris. . · · ·.
<Adßiendum Tekupham 7jssi) nppn a year conuerfio properly. Ft.
is nothing but a sign of the time of the Mofis, who commands us, orluorM% from the »! Celebrate, O.
n NGF neapry the year, beginning in autumn. Let XXXIV ;.
a. In fact, that there he calls myn ngipn, ie, xxiii, 6, it is said, myn mss.
However, when the Jews took the form of Alexander perishes.
While Calippicam the one that received the lunar year, and where.
500 detained Wang. Macedonica, which is equal to one nominc nisipn called for.
The year starts immediately after Njene neipn after conuerfione year. This.
I discovered that we have is entirely Greek, and the oldest, quianam.
a description of the Sun's menfes unless they had none in the hand of them, but it was evident il.
Us, for four years, fine lustruml Solaris, be several days 1461: sixth.
3. This is equal to a tenth of the 91 days ögoy and κάττον ,.
& Q ordς called on Jews and their example nisipn appellarunti.
The word is ττοτά. Elidenscs first year Olympiad.

 HHH Intercom: 658 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
intercalabant between VIII and IX of July. Nothing is more true. Year Ina.
cipiebant sun occasionally (c. fequentis years starting from the middle of the night.
From where the sun third quarter of mcridie.quinti, eiufdemque first Olympia.
PI from the beginning and no tie. It was therefore no fentiebant be the day intercalasse, with the.
However intercalassent. Pliny the Elder: $ patium spring of the year.
try to be experienced cosmic movement and fiderum defined as the old one.
which Menon (MOW) & 5 Euctemom & versatile and caerchimedes out.
excel when the sun is in permanent fablimium law, the pole (pole) run / O / S.
gnifero, which Zodiac / ermo Greeks three ôfexaginta.
menfis five days and night, returns to the same. Va.
word forward, /? A / ecunda degree Carietes, to spatially / IO.
I have returned terminated. But the most memorable day of mind interval B.
the bus and six hours for V / gué concludes with the full glow, the spirit of / e.
After an hour for the return / Extant start, porreäum advesseram.7ertius.
first watch / imeno preamble to the hour of the night extended / out.
well. The fourth from the middle of the night, V / Mie attracted to bright light. Reet.
Fane and our mind, again to the ancient Greeks.
volumes. So, branded as carefully.
O7rd5 * 3 * e // '5, so that tgoTdg ioMuse / ydg and τ @ 9Td% χάμέe / yáo. This.
depend on the importance of diligently practice it are the Jews, by which the hæcxárreg con.
ficiunt, the ancient confuetudine, as usual, the fuperstitionem the turn of the ,.
In the past, as we have said,.
CUlIYM 21111 IYYCIO PICTURE TEKVP Harv. . C.
Alexandreo VtC- T 1 S 1 R T S B E N T H 1 = A N | A A A 1000 Z N 1.
I'd Tekupham LNT £ Rtatim] § 1 TETENTATE.
 {{B 500 3 3 oh oh oh ID 1 | N 6 O | O i i 500 1 3
first atU1CDant 500 9 O [N 3 O 4 | 500 1 Oh | 500 1 1 7 3o I.
Oh, and the orb in his work.