;;;. The major Jewish scrupularius the coal.
JPrutenico 1 minute 57. But the Jews that year the Moon also use it.
The beginning of the beginning of the night, from things at once. combustion; nouiluniumfuit hour.
4,2 O4, from the beginning noétis.Porro cyclorum 216, in which the moon is 1.
anticipauit, charaeter above 6, 2 3so.hoc the 6th at 2 3. reliably feu.
The moments of zero. However nouilunia fell on the 2, 3, 4 fequente z Wednesday.
Z 4 hours, scruples. 2 o4.Ergo to charaétcrcm, 6,23 Oh, by adding cha.
flows between epochs 2, 5, 2o4. Then it will become charaeter 2, 4, 2 O4. nouilunij.
Tifrum in annoChristi 345 ineunte.Igitur 2, 5, 2 O4 is always cha.
flows between the Jewish epoch, so that restitution 41 o4annos nouilunia contigc.
IB is fit is seven Octobris; κόττον μέστωόν Seleucidarum that is, almost 2 ,.
cycloSolis first, third Monday, 953. However, in periods of Julian.
the year of Christ 344, however, has fallen into the historical epoch of this nouiComputi, tamer.
fieripötest, vtaliquotannis posteriusinstitutus takes place. ncq; more ncceffe ,.
may have started from the year 344, which 4Io4 years before, when the year.
Julian was 95 periods; the start of the transfer. The Jews call this account.
<Jisv, that is, άμθολισμόν. Master Mofes son MAIMON the præclarofuo.
A work 1 500, the head of the menfefànótificando in the pagna = WSY fiayn.
JV Spyne Calculator that they now calculate is, whom E 1000 B o.
1000 vM dispute call. Nor is it only on the man was a Rabbi, but also all of you.
forward a hope, was instituted after the cditionem the Talmud. But Iudaeiiam.
100 of those times, and fortaffe restitution before Christ, they thought, they believe it.
today, a day of October VII O & fuiffe first world created by this no.
Calculate mine is called pi iyn nsTap iiayn: compute a con.
ing world. Inquo are ridiculous, since this is my old epilogifmus.
nor is made a little lower than two hundred years, iuft. Further as possible.
effect from the first day of creation, when the first of about Friday? At HU.
Compare the right of the first day of the week sccunda. Do you see a clear direction.
gnantiam: But many day Rufus destroy each other, as soon as the menfem early in.
, decide that the fourth to the same yii Octobris, fècundumautem in the force of the age of nine.
Bus and into xvil menfis, which fell in twenty of December, they want.
that the flood of cæpifle, as it is had Gcncscos 7, 11. and for this reason you taught me.
τ) had both R jsyn Replace ignorationc see how things work.
Then they had to, because Greece and Gentile as to call the term.
or rub it, they despised the: which he fi legiffent, they would never neomcniam Hv.
perberetaei ​​Syromacedonumdicm world's first effects existimaffent ,.
Oum the Jews feptimi æquinoótiali the noon hour a day account.
disciples, íeceffe for the remaining hours menfibus effects inæqualcs and mini.
in the Tcbeth the male orientation of the whole of the year, the Powered by longiffimis. Con.
AAT is calculated by astronomic However, if the Jewish cpilogifmo six hours.
50 z. Addan 24 * 1 o s e p h i s e A G E R i i 50
Indeed. For then shall the hours in the year, equal to the whole of an argument.
from the south, which is an epoch & »Aiiaxixoi; Jn4a grams -3 old star.
nomorum vfitatiffima and the tutiffima. The cycle of the truth of them.
in line from ancient Alexandreo it makes no difference, except the head, or at the beginning of, in so far as cy.
clus Alexandreus starts from the thirteenth, today the third.
The embolifmis are assembled in such a way that it comes in the cycle citimus tifrum 19, and.
the sooner the next oétauo. So in these phase anteueniebat Epo.
Can this spring under Seleucid, so long as they are VFI phase Calip.
pi Alexandria, and in fact the account. For this reason, it went with them, in the.
cycles eighteenth and nineteenth phase twice in the same year agreements.
That which is in contact with the Eufebius by the emperor Constantine in a kind of.
Bishops at the letter, and repeated in the old Canonibus.é tie agoo.
£ Rieger, those haxo and rlu) g} {δω? IIOO fiuäegy ago íègij e, g iomuegia3 ;.
£ Jada, ailaxáré £, ¥ afagei & A. It was not femperfiebat fed twice in an.
`End of XIX and viii.imo and the eight cycle times of doubt, can Ni.
cessation concilij, cumæquino and components were set up in XXI Martij.Tuncenim.
was able to cut the pasch, upon the ipfam xxi. We've known that hours of work.
τολτικός be unequal in the audit, cumtamen diegopuκάς.
angles of the equinox is also extended to ipfas Tekuphas the.
For example, twelve hours, from the beginning, and no tie, either, even though.
ipfarum arguments equal levels for hours. And how.
the reasonings of the new moons, begin from the tifrum, so, too, the reasonings of the Teku.
Perez Nifanius where bifextum 2, between 5 and 6 Sep.
tiV. For the beginning of the year Julian ipfis solar radiation from 2 to 6 March.
In the letter A, in today's computing. INTERCALARY are in a whole year.
After bifextum us. In the year of 1592, which was the Jew county.
53 52 foul, began the year it is in Julian. The year was a bi.
fextilis. In fequcnti Jewish 53 and 53, began on each.
2 5 and z 6 March. Itaq5 four years, the Jewish diuifis, fivnitasremá.
strikes, be sure to eoannointercalatum effects. The faneca primushu year.
account the right of the first solar cycle 93 5 year period Julian to be.
year period, the return of Julian, namely 954, began to realize effect.
The exact aego & ^ / ^ ayants 26 March.