
.
Joseph Juste. The work of about amendment of the times, the last edition of this, from the author of the manuscript, that, the more correct, and a vast accession of auctiùs. In addition there select the fragments of the ancient Greeks, to whom a number of obscure chronology of the place of the holy, and of the Bible they are enlightened with the notes of the same Scaligeri.
.
This is a reproduction of library books that was digitized.
by Google as part of an ongoing effort to preserve the.
information in books and make it universally accessible.
https://books.google.com.
https://books.google.com.au/books?id=BYcExH7cj5MC.
.

I
Ifeuoieca Naz. ; '.
I Ivftorio Emanuelelii.
|.
f * J ** 5.
f l. .1! A. ΎS 100 50 1 A G E R.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 5 M \ s.
Joseph Juste.
1 5 1 50 1 100 AE S A R S F.
P 5 S.
70 E.
E 1000 E 500 N A T O N E 1.
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
In this poftrema Edition, from the Auotore to its Manufcriptorum ,.
faultlessly, bold accession.
auetor.
1 T E A T E R V to 500 V 1000 Graei heart VM.
Fragments feleéta;.
Marcus
In this context, a number of obfcurißimi Chronologie facre, & ßibliorum illufirantuj ;.
When not 1f eiufdem Juste.
100 O 50 O * \ * 1 AE • £ 50 O 50 O R G VA 1 ,.
Printed o v e r n is 1 A.
Marcus 600. 29.
Community Cefarea Maieftatię ... with privileges.


.


.



* •••.



.

.

 •.

i. .
 .
 .
3 \ (ohilìmo and influential man ,.
MASTER .
A 100 A A A A HEREIN Lae G.
E Q_V 1 T 1.
From 1000 P 50 1000 1 1 1 S S S E N A TV S.
P A R is 1 ns is P E R N 1 100 1 IP.
1 5 S O S P H E R E 100 a lig
1 5 100 AE S., L. P.
J. TD.
SUA.
AgRIPVS noftrum the amendment.
{| Days, A man of clarifsime not of whom.
| for the first time under the name of your light.
}]} To see happen now again.
£ \ §ęZ4iste returns, poftquam him better first.
82 ** s = 2 ^ ¥ * ftin culture acceffit. And as the SI.
They bear it is estimated that at some time in your way.
has been to render the old with that, rather than a new one ,.
dedicare. Previously there as well, which will be corn.
degree the singular, and in addition to the smoke of God, in Thee.
ftudium mine. All the more so now fortaffe to.
from the new edition of this bi has been, so far as. previously.
to be recommended to be conveyed from the love of nostro. You could approach.
ptum We are confident: pofteris so that it comes to our wish and desire :.
which, indeed, deserves to be it is not ability, but of the work of war.
The argument is, however, a noble, and difficult, which I.
ought to have been in ancient times handled, nay more, it is not in this LEES OF WINE,.
6t. 2 delayed, delayed, cuinihildifplicet, nifiquodbonumeft, either.
at all events from the other, about which I am, to be occupied, so that minusinui.
Concord them. I can not poffunt the first no.
was tried twice, I do not vtederemus, but as curiofitati.
noftru fàtisfaceremus. Poftquam & TA is equal to gambling ,.
This creative and overpopulation vifumeftpræftare vol.
proceed as set forth Yet, if human trials.
the right to æui ftem, it had been better, do not, indeed, was born.
fuiffe, infignem the deformity of a child. However.
I said, 'with the grace of the goods of these Aristarchi ,.
them, præftitum was a countryman of ours, or it is not the intellect.
lexiffe, or to admit that noluiflè. whether it is conceded in.
The next trial, which fell on the other side of birth.
fuiffe can not deny that poffunt. However faftidia and contemplation.
ptum of explaining this effect cauflam say ,.
I dedicate the book. By the way, we manner.
æui abilities that publication of this examination.
fuiffe, whence they are not minusquid nonpoffènt, than.
what they did not wish fcire, perfpici was able to. It poffunt.
oftendit, quisrecentiorum before us this socerebellar.
whatsoever, which may threaten the nosprimos hocargumentum.
uafiffè: the old, nor eíí fcriptoribusil.
la hauferimus, do not noftrum it was discovered effe videtur.
crime: they think, or to be haufuros, not to go to hocope.
m noftra require. It poffunt oftendere and.
, however, they prefer to nefcio, which he, from us difcere :.
with the foleant to nothing else, than anybody else's son.
ot discuss mistakes and whatever they know it.
call error, supra whatever their place.
 is, cft, fufpeétum have. But a Defense or Apology does not Inftit.
`Constituted and deiftis vitilitigatoribuseritalias talker.
local gods, no effort is quosíî above.
"Teri, with the greatest sensitivity. from which, for the gift in the.
noftri tationibus and hate, and the FE and of truth, is a good one.
We wish for the mind, it is not alone, I, as noftris by hard work.
the bus a more favorable angles, but also that they carry them to understand ve.
Inst. It is not very need we linger over these dogs, the &.
nosapud remember that you will do A amplif.
fime, of which the employment should be intervened, is in the.
interests of the State, since to sin, you are more in place of pofitus.
f is much that there is time to draw out what gram.
uiorum business furreptum not. It is not.
The heretics in your íumma thing to say about this place, it was foreign.
are falling, with the work of the brilliant, and towards for so many years.
King and country excelF recovered in this way.
roof præfertim fuperioribus deal with these fu.
neftißimis of the civil tempeftates of inind, except for the.
Price of work, and the journey otijargumentum effect: a.
in addition, there will, however, those who were with thy praise.
When combined with the effects fciat country's glory, never.
than in scriptis, or the telling of the gift of the salute.
of the country, they should remember that, but think of your courage, the tuifque.
native desirable services. My true.
in the praise of does not need it, that they are in the mouth of all Pofi.
