
fuum Pythagoras. Had previously been wrongly read άλ •% ;. So ἀγμῆς Aquige.
ns, that is, Moses because of the wind like birthdays extracts. For words.
R ye Est pull out ajaazzzz. r- gp aiaagis: not possible that the MA, a.
fonaret than to the Egyptians, so that he trifles with Philo, a Jew, ê »twIqj; And Hebraifmi.
He was assailed Iofephus and more; is completely gratuitous way. Compofito as are of the.
Má of the water, & van; cxtractus out of the water: vnde coaluerit Maia is the name of a solid ;.
AlijN o t ae. 49.
Others say the Syrian MÄ water. In short, on the one side flowed a wave of be said to be of May, yet more desirable.
The more I, that there was a reet. Ezekiel tragic.
Oyoμα δ more & όμασε, τὰ χαεω.
Ύ5eάς ajεῖλε το (gullet, and R 'iiage.
it seems to fimpliciter by the Word of deriuare, y * but reasonable that God, and not from the waters. And really you.
So for once Ἀγ% ^% g υς. But surprise, which is why these data WHATE'ER ,.
άt Onomacritus. The most ancient text, however, I do not doubt that this is the fault, v t.
άλογης for άγης read.
Out. %% International wóuga zzód, n ^ * ®® axx% vuo] xaraxg% * yes GS αμά Jirag%.
xg. z%. Reg. He calls åítzgxg% vguâ, hinting Jiaexgx * $ X (ov% and ομ: DuplicesDecalogi board. Therefore, a Greek man they know. MA.
E P O 100 F AR.
In 5 E N T E R T A M E N T E 1 Oh ,.
Q_V AE.
5 1000 100 100 E R T M A R A T E R E 100 M.
A A B E N T
By virtue W C E S 1 1000 A second menfis a fruitful year Jabbatum.
At first Exodus.
Exod. xv 1 Ifraelites has become defertum if the fifteenth menfis.
On the sixth day after the preparation, fine fexta week. Commas 5, 22, 23 ER.
Go 1 1 xx day, and the moon was fabbatum and confequenter end in the first.
my menfis was Thursday.
guartufaevimus bowel AR <Ekta Gu is the first and / febdomadù Sabbatica ,.
Wings XXXV 1 1 {1, chapter 3 & 1 1 Reg. XIX »2. 9: This year you will eat the caterpillars ssonte.
two, fecundofponte nafçentia, almost a third. Jews understand otherwise. But salt.
averted. In fact, no doubt, was the first hebdomaa quartufdecimus to Hezekiah;.
push. He says, first, fecund, third, that is, the week. _ *.
sedekiae the first year of the fourth week Sabbatica.
Jeremias XXV 1 1 1, 1. And it happens this year, the beginning of Sedekie ssege ,.
In the fourth year, fifth menfe. This is nonsense R. Solomon. And at last, David.
Êmhi diuinat been annum IV. Sabbaticae week. Golden numbers.
ro x epaéta well balanced, equal to 1 x 1 R, cyclo Sunday Z6, Ni.
4. 4. 1. 41 March decimafeptima fan, hence v. menfis, the tenth to three times.
ness of July. Nevertheless, wherein deposed kingdom nawn raxüna ongoing Chro.
nicorum Div. tricefimofexto v. year. namely in the eighth Iulijanno Judas.
3161 co today that proscéto the fourth year running, Ngozi * A *%. Himself.
Secondly Sa ¢ * 5o. 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
Secondly, Sam. i 1, p. Cyn first NSG ry 'mytine ratun, AG ?.
$ T, and iavt ?, ότε ό ßaoiXê êgerras that is part of his food. In the change.
not to the year, when the kings of the expeditions, and they do. Greek, and AP AOT., Ie ,.
aufpicij from that country ;. And not only in Syria, but either in France the southern quarter.
parts, it may happen in the spring âxuæóoris; oiTwv that talks Thucydids. So.
Jews also interprets this passage, Levi Gerfom and David Kimhi ,.
the produce of the adults, and joyously the blade, the horses, the asses, as it takes place. Fenten same.
third word for the first Citron. Div. XX, where it says: 1. R. Selomo holds.
I give those herbs that are in the plain, to the pastoral care of the horses to his chariot, of course, that Dauid Kimhi, according to in Sa.
MUELA place He says, Ein nya time of King J ^, thou shalt be. It is gathered overcome ... V #.
Piazza rnyyn niavn vocafTe today that if = \ pn fimpliciter called by the Jews :.
PR is not, however, the old black, n ^ Efter end of the year, when the civil war, which the other parts of Mo.
bes calls rvagri NSG § £ o% y c / iavt%, which will oxtwozwyiay audience.
rngipn> ;; tvgt year Zaw means complete, but natwn; ® *) ,.
part of the year, when the sun is from the increase to the decrease of the year, is turned to the ,.
for example, in xiytra% EVA, or vice versa, such as xévto xaiueewâ. Of course, there were none of them.
quadrants may be the difficulty NSS 303), £ IVT; Fed nror) and conuerfio.
Sunday, not years, and Perez ëet Greece, time of year, ninivn quasi tell Mu.
tationes. By fixing the eyes in the morning to that was the place for us in no other way.
vifum it. The year is worth ir.itio Sedekiæ conditus two.
illustrissimarum, & vetustissimarum of Cities, at Marseilles, in France, the Cyrene.
But, in Libya. .
Decimus Sedekiae the twentieth / eptimus Jubilee. The vndecimus Sedekiae.
feptem week Jer. XXX 1. 9. 65 forward.
Ezekiel nine, 27, J icefimo / anticipated like the first (menfe) primary Memfis, happens.
wee 1) fa £ omen for my turn comes. He was the tenth Sedekiae. There com.
At first mate. Accordingly, the current year 9O7 from Exodo.Deduétis forty.
in, in the wilderness, and the seven fubiugatæ country which Jews call the years.
Vnsn exchanged rixv Vag fubiugationis the seven years of the earth; 5 years behind, "" p54.,.
86o, £ 1 1 uć are iubilca fifteen years. 7 Jubilee eighteen vu, Lmer, whose starting point.
Iofiae King of six years, not a XVII, such as those uncovered and some recompense.
ii. Where are you, which quadragefimam the first year of the Exodus Iubilea'or.
3 capabilities are also reign in the Chaldean sabbatical year obseruatos? However.
