
gifugij Moreover, this Easter teaches us Consult the quadrien.
digested inhibits normal spot, which shows Nen, when the Confuli.
as well as fuum was purified fourth number starting from the bottom: the fate of obscure or disapprove, however ,.
'Price talks. In addition, the same thing by Nen, with the finger indicated therein. or fourth time.
Surely that quadriennij that the solar cycle 24, or very nearly.
You bifextum that year bifextilis is the first census that yourfcif calls.
Olympiads. Jerome, too, in fupplemento Chronici Eufè.
biani Confuli are a remedy for through the dark haunts Juliana, he calls the Olympas, ,.
For Confulatum Aufonij sets Arina fourth Olympiad. And fa.
PNC are created in the first Confuli bifèxtili will not be in power (i.
bifextum that she yearns to Easter. I do not doubt would be to hold the Easter ,.
The Cassiodorus contexeridis Confuli properties fecutus fč profit.
liver; 4 & 3ruto said, Tarquin and 5, vfque to Comfàlatum five.
frum, figs by Titus Livius, & c / ufidio? from £ O, and P / Ghali men.
controlling authority celebrities gather downstream desirable M. x x 1. Long.
disccdunt aspects of Varro, Polybius and Dionyf. Polybius said.
i ai, Zagat is posteriorcs funerc Oh, and Regifugio years, 8 spring.
testing which is about 297 years, cried, and that is an epoch öiaßáre; ; deduéti.
fdinquunt years? 69. epochen Confülatus Oh, and Regifugij. Bio.
nyfius writes Brutus funeral for him who died after a fight.
CMarathonia years 16.Pugna Marathoniaincidit the annumIphiti 285.
Derive 16 remains epoch Regifugij year 2 69 Iphias fecun.
While Dionyf. And so, the last two years and so each will strike puts it rather than Varro :.
Another reason is because they want the building of Rome in the first Olympiad.
feptimi two menfibus restitution birthday eiuf¬ productive year.
DCM Olympiad VII. So this year, according to Regifugij 4. O7.
the period of Julian seventh cycle of the sun, the moon and the eighth O; I epaétæ Easter.
les are xxviii, xxix: Llinares, however, epaétæ: to whom be fubscribere by force.
be given to growth together for Easter It has been an error in the trembled, and the feasts of the Fed, as they can not lVN A ,.
but the S A T v R n vs maintain becomes. Nor is it to be doubted, however, is, that it is.
Auetore mind was that we who have created them. For a weekday.
'500 more than in epaétis, seems to be an error, cycle Easter.
I VIII, cpaétae XXVII 1 5-day Easter are added unity, epact moon.
'Exit x 1 x. In fequenti epact Easter 1 x. Moon x. Because.
LEES lustiniani Easter on the fourteenth, the fifteenth Lu.
the nose so often by our diet and by himself are Dionyfio little, no.
Tatum. Then the author Pascal fcquitur Dionyf & Polybium ;.
But the gravity of sin, and this is the last two years, as we have said. More superb.
illo chronologus as cited in Clement; λτὸ ἀ τί; BaaiXia, • *;.
 πί τω.

• .4o 6. E p h o s s c a 50 1 1 1 1 G E R •.
And those t'w Aλεόδω} eτελωτω, ἐπ άκατὰ ἀγόοἰκον 33% if the tie etc and re A.
in gre, to the death of Alexander, are the years of præcifi 186: therefore, and the year.
inorte Alexander the ccntefimus octagefimus feptem running, either.
entering a demand from the Kings. But Alexander had died in the first cycle of Lu.
scented. Rcgifugij then add four years to the method of Lu.
næ. Accordingly, the fifth year of the first Regifugij Cycli orbit ,.
namely aanuia 4 2 O4 periods of Julian, as he has already proclaimed. In-.
hesitate, then, is this year, it is not he whom I shall Polybius, Histories Dionyfius, au.
& Fequuntur or Pascal.
A 50 100 500 500 E E P E R S A R 5 M.
1000 A R A T I O N 1 A. 3.
A RIVS ruled thirty years ago, as Herodotus says. Said.
in preparation for this, for him, was dead of Anmo fexto from the marathon cladc;.
enterprise and origin. Why neccssario one and tricefimo:.
in killing the battle of Marathon, in the Iphias 286.
This is the year of abundant Olympiad 72. This theory credit.
Eufebius do that in a productive this year illiusOlympiadis ca.
reduc vapor. Also, Herodotus fcquitur, which leads to our hand.
xxxt year killing, which was 2 57 Nabonafîàri »which is also attended.
git defection Monday, April XXV cycle V, which is also charaéteran.
III Olympiad to its abundance of 72. In Nabonassàri 2 62, died c.
Darius. So cafus Marathonius office periods of the year for the Star.
A 2 2 5. History of one year less hoctempus stamps with δαέα.
CW at 26:38 of ten years from the loss of Marathon reiicit.Imo vnoan.
no less stamps rlu) διαδασιν. Engaging stamps Plutarch CA.
no one, AXT Bond} richest% i% i g. The 58 year period of the Olympic :.
Consequently 2 O pcriodi Atticæ. Blow Bonęομιόθ xxx Seven.
bris. The battle of Marathon occurred v Octobris, AztóWaje d \ XCZ.
τψ φόoy @ s, oh, 346 years of the world, Zygon VI. And so, neomeniaZy.
Gono belongs to the moon Good ομιόφ} ', which Zygon dear.
And three 1.1.3 4. neomcnia Marchefvvan: 3 years of Jewish 27i, whose Sep.
chefvvanchara 2.2.3 three and 29 years Nabonassari? 57. Pharmuthixyi J \.
1 O 3 days after the lack moon. .

1 1 N T E R 10 1 10 1 5 1000 S ,.
N 1 T 1 V 1000 of Xerxes with his father, who began to rule you please.
the year, which is fifth from the disaster marathon, periods of lu.
27. In fact, in the expedition of Darius, the father of the 42, in the Egyptian tlian him.
Regemer) E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 51 1000 BV