
iufdem period 579 3 57 78 periods of the year constantinopolitanum.
Moon, three days again before the year 5779. In the year neomcnia tifrum.
dales start 4o 45, whose charaeter 6, 8, 685, to its new moon.
Thoth: Parthenon v 1 1 3 3 42 years from the creation of the Zygon.
2, 13, 14, August. Twenty Four. Nabonassari yo 33 years, Thoth xvnI.
This was the first training cycle Fane Easter. I got out of that.
it would be the first year of the cycle of Easter, which was the first cy.
CLI gyptiaco the celebration of Easter, that is, that compctebat.
Nifanius fequenti, whose charaeter 3. 1. 8; 6, March XXIV, Krion.
the fifth, of which the Zygon had been 3.19. 3, in twenty of September.
bifèxtum, while a year, thought to be common in his work, and fequens.
Krion in XXI March. That is, Gottlieb cyclumfuum MA.
He deserves it began the year 58o in common: they have this year.
the same has happened to the Moon, which he, and the year of Christ 285. As a result, as I have said, the first.
mouse is the cycle of the moon is the same fourteenth Nifanius.
has as much as a year of 285. There is no doubt that it can not haetenus historical epoch.
A year and tiaca, quidicebantur years of emperors, VFI have happened since ,.
As I mentioned, is the beginning of the year, Emperor 314. However, because of hatred.
Christianifmi Achilles that inuaferat tyranny in Egypt, interfere.
And to overrun Egypt miferrimo fèruitutisiugooppressa a conqueror Diocletia.
no, this epoch Diocletianeavocata, though, three years before mi.
C.
DO.
Diocletian's command have been instituted. Atquc this is indeed true.
And so this is truly said that they are the subject of this disaster Egypt ,.
How.
(1) E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 49 1 BV;.

A than by the falfo, that, in adding to, from that time, will set the Egyptians defiuifîè v.
reduc years Nabonassàri transients. It is not to have refuted this, and do.
This is my own pleasure, to this day although some of quifquiliis three.
Phare, unless the matter to see that these letters.
retulisse. Thoth Nabonaflàri, as shown above, was changed into June. Where.
only then withdrew his refugee Diocletian xx 1 x August.
Then again, as Diocletian vtebantur Thoth.
errant pitch for the first year of the Emperor that it ipfas day ,.
I have seen that at the time of Aetium, victory, however, in which it happened that a ipfum: Thoth.
A & tiacum fiquidem it is their victory. Nor is it true that.
auetorem read in ancient festivals, the Festival of Peter.
First day of August so the bond plan, published Eudoxias Augusta.
IMP. Theodofij wife, so that people leaving the Greek fupersti.
spent in the procession, which was celebrating that day, every year, on behalf of Victoria O.
& Tauiani Augustus Anthony & Clcopatra Kalcnd. Augustus collected.
For how great is this, that truth is made, it is manifest from the things, of the house which is from the victory of Aetium.
showed that 111 of September, not August Moon
it comes off. But, perhaps it might have something else, it is customary of the Old fuperstitionis fuifle..
Plutarchus a manner menfibus Emperor of Egyptian stars, and sports.
Seeing that address Greek and forward above the lecture of the year.
Emperor origin. What's it say? Therefore it is clear ,.
This epoch for the Easter cycle in place, and with it.
Caliquo title claimed by the Christian and triple Ecclefia Alexandria.
cognominasset, fuo from the hatred of the name of the Christianifmi from the reign of Diocletian.
Diocletianea called. Ethiopia haetenus call it years ago.
1) iocletiani, but by the year of Grace, for example *: £ Z: R :: r up NPY. But Epo.
Can head ipfum compiiti this call is not to be old.
locks. And the reason for this is because there per year Bio.
cletiani suppose that epoch, but vtriufque cycle periods per year ,.
53 2 years old, how old is the period Dionyfiana. In fact.
Christ Dionyfiano 1596, plans for this year epochs 13 13. Ecclefia.
Æthiopica only count for some 249 years, because two stages.
Dionyfianæ great, even 1 year O 64, 1313 deductus to be left out.
500 and 249 years since start of the year Dionyfiana period begins.
the first instance, that is, & rajxdaaos, and a name for this Epo.
ChÆ in Amharic ecclefia. Muhammedani Arabian Sea.
) .ij A); Terikclkupti, that is, Jeram Ægyptian for.
Christian leaf to use. Christani to call Jὸς] AAS.
άποχω ά μαρτύςω. Once cases asked to testify.
Oh my paxapiT}; , The Patriarch Ignatius Antiochcnus ,.
 T 2 a, e p h o s 496 1 50 1 1 S C A G E R L
The man, whose exterior and which do not take our LEES: U »], A.
Q la ** J «» »• *" J & J M] a) $ G5 r: \ "s </.
• '. c 3 © • 2G] fulfill "If Foae S & Q ^^" 3 * 3 * • U • LSY.
3] <J J \ .b.isys "JIS X & * \ J & J oh.
p * \ * = Po • & J), c ') \ a) gls elgli 2S) EJ; long. Gij 3].
gls 8) ies, "& i" \ *) that »l. g • 9% bone.
J] g); **) and "λ • LA. J & Â§3 c) ^^ <yo G <8 © '.
AU.
This is "Moreover quaefiuistù super A A R T Y R E L A 1000 V 1000 V / IATA.
Egyptians in regard to the SST, and the reason for which it is derived. Assembly.
From the beginning of the year King Diocletian impij (D338) reign in.
which increased perfecutionem against Christians, issued their churches.
become defiruere also that whoever served mom / acrificaret, killed.
