
September 31 2.Quare axxiv fempcr lv addendaannis Christ to me. B.
"Thodum Indiétionis. Now on the Kalends of Ianuarijtria only be bored.
JProinde four, with 312 compofitis, abieétis all fifteen, to be relinquished.
be united, namely primuslndi year and the initial Constantiniana.
I can not be surprised, but the fate of two top men, Pantagathum and.
Onufrius, one of whom had first noticed this time for her contribution in this victoriam.
Constant out of the Maxentio. d. VIII Kai. Octobr. the year of Christ, i.
and brought again the same as in the letters of the other was made by Him, persuaded. But no matter.
true MAXENTIUS died this year and for 3135 is false.
account of her victory set this account of the time when desirable.
a mere Quinquennalia church of Constantine; and contains the first Indictionemexa.d.
VIII Kal.Oétob. 3 years 13 seized me when I have started from the year before. From A.D. IGI C.
vm be Kal. & account. he begins to Indiétio: emperor of the Romans, that of radiation.
the thing observed, obseruantque up to now, the Germans Impp. That.
Indeed, everybody knows that it can, falter or diplomas Cæfarea.
of the present day infpicere he wishes to. The C.Th.libro XI. Tit. xxviii, so scribun.
Impp. All & Theodofius Augg. From x 1 1 1 Indiâione county.
fulatus August Valentimiami 1 1 1. € 5 Eutropi v. c. It was the year of Christ.
STI 37 a. This is an extension of the running Proclamation 11 1 i Indian and yo.
37 O XI vincipit from the eodemSeptembri eiufdem of the year. Again to fyno.
Jerusalem would give certain: After choosing confùlatum Flauij $ / arij gloss.
riofißimi, thirteenth Kai. 0 £ of October, Indiâione fifteenth, the OLO.
Mia Decentius • aretropoli and Jerusalem. But afterwards it is added, where the to be driven b.
treats those who are in the same Kai. Sept & TA by the end of Con / Ila.
Then Flauij Belifarij renowned / exto% Yomas May, Indiâione deiim "".
quarter. The year of Christ 's 59o, Indiâione the ninth hour, they begin to the letter.
Gregory the Great. Fequenti and February of the year 591, running in India.
Etios o'clock. constantly through all the books of the letters by means of which it is retained.
The tranfaótione the Imp. Ludovic asseverated Charles Calui F &.
patruclcm, during that Lodovico, Luis F is thus remember how I felt to read :.
FLUSH E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV; o.
Ipratropium 500 x 50 x v c c 1 1 1, Kal. Wouembrù%, Indiéfione twelve.
MA. Four 878 compofitis, abieétis XT, left in two.
The tenth Indiétio. Therefore, begins September last antecedent. Will be presented.
vfu popular double (J & cnai ;. For Indiétionem fpatium not.
We call ten years, with three Indian and desirable factor, that is, three light.
phases for fifteen years, and in addition, the first, second, and third Indian upright.
we end the first, ongoing, third year. So Iurisconfultus said.
in the first, the ongoing, the third time, Ediéìo, for the first, may be fruitful, tertiaparte.
Edi & TI. EtThcophilus first, second institution. The grammar.
ci Cato first, second, third origin. At the start of the double.
diétionum from September: the emperors of the Romans, &, who give them a fuc.
B gave back, making haetenus, a German, from a. d. V 3 Kai. Octobris: IM.
peratorum, however, in Constantinople from the Kalends of. September.
So here, let him beware of bed to, not even in the history of Cohstantinopolitanæ Or.
nalibus, on a large Indiétionis beginning. d. viii kalend. October.
So it is an error be forthcoming. For example, this year.
159 6, Indians and yo x Cæfarea Gcrmanicus incipict from a. d. V111. Kalcnd.
O & account. At the start of Constantinople Indiétio x Cæfarea Kai.
Scptembris places so that the start of the year. And so you see the radiation Patriar.
ChÆ of Constantinople, that the formation of, or Systaticis. Therefore, those who read the same.
Indian and urged to attend x Constantinople and applied later.
XX 1 1 1 1 O and October, it happened a lot hallucinabitur. Eccles.
100 Roman was saved by Kai. January Indiétiones be less regard for.
to be known to all that we think, must therefore prove that does not do justice to the.
forth. Triple the Indiétio: German Cæfarea by Matt himself.
ptcmbris, which is true of Constantine. Cæfarea Constantinople.
Fontana from Kai. September. PontificiaRomana from Kal.Ianuarij. Georg.
Cedrenus about sixteen years lustiniani, which was 543 Christ: T) Egre ,.
μ'ιωί Σάμ £ G? 7, fiuägg. 3, 1) xwz? In the year of Christ 543. None Du.
eth been making Indian & V 1 Constantine indeed XXIV. Sept
54 years Pontifical to its Kal.Ianuarij the year 542. And yet here.
Indiétionem far to see vu xx 1 V September. Cedrenus semen.
Compute radiation periods, rather than onto the Moon, whose & AN.
500 military Christ of radiation are discussing a solid year 5494, for example fuoloco.
oflendimus. Accordingly, this epoch The year 6566 was a year of Christ.
yo ,, vfque to Kalend.Septemb. He ran in the Indian action and caterpillars.
MA. Yourfcif Cedrenus writes Kalend.Septembris been Indiétionem XI.
£ τά άπαι / c / cv, τ, στωάγο% $> & s u e £ howl); IA ἐπςμίσεω; 3773 ;.
άς. He was then Constantinople, the first of at least Indiétiones.
ptembris thought to be discontinued at the beginning of the twentieth iifdem. year.
fuum are orfi Constantinople. A practice that there is no more ancient than im.
perio5o4; E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
ment Iustiniani. Paul Lombard lib. 2. Div. Matt: A B O l 1 N. A.
