 This nul.
the book has found the right place, as are the DC Follies tricefimo year.
the book is found.
plti Sedekiae the Sabbath.
It is shown from the preceding. For if he Decimus, who was traveling cloaks.
mouse, was vicefimusfeptimus jubilee fcquitur that eleven of the same Vltimus.
the mouse becomes a VICEF oétauus the day of Jubilee, and the proinde last term of the week. But even.
Thirty prediction of 1 V, 9, 1 a, 1 1, 1 1, 1 3, 1 4 is shown, Vltimus.
appreciation for the time of the siege are fulfilled conuenifle together with the time, in which some of the Hebrews with the po.
Pulari fuosferuientes, liberated under the obligation of Exodus xxi, 2. Deuteronom.xv ,.
z. This year, for example cxcidio Jerusalem, and Sedekiae case, it initially.
Astyagis, Astyagis, a noble man. This is the beginning of the year stands Astyagis in.
the empire of the Medes, the death of which has failed, as in the case Sedekiæ the kingdom.
Of.
third / Leciam ammus Nabuchodonofori was triceßmus Nabopolla.
Faris Rgis from £! *% ylonie to NABUCHODON / ori.
The fifth year is trapped Iechoniæ tertiufdecimus Nabuchodonofori.
For the fourth Jehoiakim the first Nabuchodonofori. Jeremiah xxv 1.
A fourth Jehoiakim for the fifth time in captivity Iechoniæ inclufiue ,.
are the years of the twelve, of an absolute. And equally trapped Iechoniæ fifth year.
tertiufdecimus running from the beginning of the year Nabuchodonofori. But even.
it was the fifth year of the captivity of Jeconiah, the tricefimus of that of the king, who had at that time.
Babylon ruled over the ten, that is, the Nabopollaflàri. Accordingly tricefimus against.
pollassàri is tertiufdecimus Nabuchodonofori. The place is fated fu.
Volume on the premises by us, and in the fifth hooks, if it were possible.
This mouse minds to instill a kind of truth. Jerome zero.
SUPPORTED said tricefimo this year, of whom Ezekiel fuisse.
tricefimo Ezckielis stature than the Jews were tricefimo by reading a book.
1InulCf \ to.
In the second year of the Chaldean% Wabuchodonoßri% is thought to be caused by the loss Wa.
bopollaßari. .
Daniel 11, and yourfcif 1. He also is the most noticeable. For.
The Chaldeans in Iraq, Nabopollassaro in life, has no ratiop.
, ordinary friends of the kingdom of Nabuchodonofori, that they are in Syria, are only in place; he was having.
So bear the year of Cyrus vicefimum nonumes with Babylonij.
Cyrus thought the first year of their empire. Thus, the first year of the Italians call Charles.
The Great, they thought, by far the greater number of the years, and the French vfurpa.
out. s kingdom with the kingdom of the latter is to be in Italy, that is to say in the eiufdem.
France. It is acceptable to place the name of Daniel, ii ,. That a man whom Hieronymus pcrperam
demonstrated elsewhere. In the same period, however, fell well head vm Eze.
Kiel, preference to the head 2 of Daniel, at the time when it was already great the name of Danie ;.
Us. Ezekiel 14, 14.
$ 100 H A. G and H A R A T E R E St.
V V E T S T A T 1 S ,.
Today, qv 1 A P Vd IVDAE O St.

True sabbatical.
Every year feptenarius bank account of the Jewish Sabbath, as elsewhere.
gods and is known to us. Even so every good, and the year of the world, however, from the bank account of feptenarius.
We plan and yourfcif Sabbaticus is, as also in the pcriodo Juliana by autumn.
no eiufdcm year.
, and the year the solar system, mere Alexandreus, that is used by the Jews.
The end of the year Solaris Calippici Seleucidarum in feptimi O and October, Julian.
In the letter G, while the Jews here today, the calculation of remuneration years old only.
ns when allowed by O & Taua eiufdem menfis by the O & Taua starts neom.
inhibits the lunar year old word for the some of the Hebrews, into which he has fallen Nifanius of Exodus. Ifque year.
menfium was only the dregs, from the new moon with the Hebrews are coming out of the Mofis Præcepto.
Nifanius the beginning of the year, have instituted in the future. A feptimi eight.
Solaris Jewish year begins with fever, where once there was a Macedonian Tekupha.
Re & c. And it was the last term of the year the day of the Sun's. Why Tekupham with reality.
xx Tranflator formed on September 1 V, and you really thirteen days away.
surprised. For many days to twenty 1 v Septenbris appofiti definunt in the seventh.
O & MA of October, in which he defines the solar year. They must therefore be the same.
feptimum new moon, and I have been with the counselors of the Annunciation of the first, day of the week and fruitful, and the basic cycle.
The first, third Monday, Iulian 953. For the period of a year as I ,.
an end to the straight feptimi October, aims nourishes me.
the movement of the moon and Liège, but does not belong to hypothefi. This is the way.
liud the start of the year Solaris fashion instiruunt with Tekupham, that is ,.
his final day of the year, For the first, fequentis they receive it. However, because of time.
rcformationis uvuilunium trying to xxtv September reason.
it was like before nouilunia 2.16 cycles of the V 1 1 Octobris. At.
He is not xx September 1 v nouilunia program was fed in.
Matt because xx September 1 V is the beginning of the year solely.
stantiniani, the end of the truth of this, the Jews in the time of reform the one in which he sought for an.
instruction. Then, in the xxv day of the week was the third of September nouilunia, of which the.
charaeter 3. 6. 734, the year 154, which was the world's real 4io4.
Therefore, z, 16 of the cycle, that is, the years of 4io4 of an absolute, ab v 1 1 1, 1 1 are not a v.
Oh and October, should resolve the nouilunia x V September & Comp.
Jewish burn in one of the world would be so much greater that ho.
But the same day, which is less than 189 years old and is no proper reason.
