
With Aquarius, of summer, sit on the bull, Doth in the sign Leo, of winter in the Scorpio. When.
vniu / UIU / Mie third day of four $ € 5vic% settings of the mouse.
who was detained for the times, and becomes the first, it is effected, so that x ci have a Ver a day of scorching summer.
xc1 1 2 and 4utummus XCI, Winter Lxxxix. What redaéta to the citizens.
les nofiras, which are now, by the time the first worm. d. v 1 1 Eid. Sext.
From the winter. d. 1 1 1 1 Eid. ^ Iouemb. Obviously the civil Star.
wisely. Also, Cicero and Brutus and Caffius shortly before.
he wrote Varro same definition is used because that Cj.
Ceroni pain, éx δατοίγμα10 were forced to do this. mad.
Cenis a place for Oeconomici Xenophontei, where the growth together Greek, and borne away.
prevents the front, which gives the signal, Cicero November spray.
to be interpreted. He was not, therefore, Nouember the old days, who for the last.
{World to incur the Emperor Julian, but of course, Julian.
November understands. The journey turns behind the Economics dessert.
tion Star. Other appeals menfium, July and.
Of Augustus increased, and if quafunt of this kind, is better known they are, than can be held a second time reco.
certain angles. This passage, however he was demanding, as parapegma Sofigenis our meeting here.
iiceremus, that is to say fiderum rising and of the West, and, as Ovid relates in di.
cit, Lapfaque under the earth, and risen, I / gna They were made of Ouidio himself are, Co. Galway
Columella, and Pliny allowed to imbibe. But so great is among them, for the three aw.
Daorum a discrepancy in this matter, as it has been better from this rc from the visum.
The lazy ones, to propose to the uncertainties of risk to security. Tell of a mighty know how much a.
Pliny and Ovid relates differ in many things, when in fact they and so each editio.
Cæfaris end fequi seen. They have an excellent Commentator.
resolvable Cl. Ptolemœi incrrantium stars out signals from.
Nicholas Leonico old English conuerfis. His book remembers.
give when he writes, among other things Ptolemæum cdidiffe 4tfa & £ $ z e ἐπισημα.
Quy dsig® ®® ia ft. .
5 4, 500 E.
2 36 1 o s e p h i s c a c e r i Li.
AE 500 E A N G N P O R T 1 v M.
A T 100 100 A 1 C.
with Julian, the nations and of the provinces of the Roman world from the ediota 500 v o.
Ssat to distinguish the civil year of the Romans, they did not receive, in the caufâ.
C. Cæfaris was too early death, which falls in March.
Julian productive years. Why in tricefimo feptimo killing Caef.
ris, EMIF has been rich in eDiets of the year of correction, by C. Oótauius Caefare ,.
from which and from the nations, imposed upon the form of the Empire, and the years of the Roman. However.
Aegyptij already received in Nabonaffari 719, where Anthony &.
Augustus, Cleopatra in a naval battle to force Aétium headland and TI.
equal. Ptolemy Nabonaffari from noon to Thoth Philippean MOR.
Alexander tie collects the age of 42 and tiacum 4. On the Thoth A or B.
719 294. The sum of the year, in the Egyptian Perfect 718. Therefore, Thoth us.
Nabonaffari of Thoth A & tiacum. Cenforinus the year in August.
Rum 2 67 Aetium effects Io14 Iphias and 986 Nabonaffari. Therefore.
Aetium year occurred in the current year Iphias 747 and 719 Na.
bonaffari. Again, how much can you learn from those things out next year.
Julian difputauimus, on the first occurred in an Iulianae.
whether Nabonaffari running 7o3. But if Aetium year with.
gruit the year 719, the year it was Julian, 16, whose August Thoth.
A & tiacum operations. Nabonaffari 719 is a 19 year cycle Sunday Na.
bonaffari. Out of the country charaeter Thoth is the first day. Which.
In the second match 2nnU1S cycle right column Sunday Giuliano o C.
& So was. The Sunday version E, at last August. A fourth year.
Rum Nabonaffari 176, 18, 56 deducted leave time exaete 1 2 o.
18, which will undoubtedly begin from the last 719 years of Augustus. This.
He was the true reason is, if the priests of the Roman Bifexti intercalation reet.
obiiffent. Now that Cæsar straight year of improving form.
docuiffent, are to vitiofam lees well refined, so that the Romans, till they heard from fecun.
eDiets do that EMIFS Oétauius Cæfar, intercalatio end 12 years.
Do not pass iuffu, they insisted to reet the way of the intercalation. Therefore.
, and the year 16 Julian, the Augustus, I THOTH, in 719 of which it consists, ha.
bifextum vitiofum 600 orders that have a year in the Julian day.
the first, in the letter is C. And so, Thoth, whom it is due literaC, for the sake of the feast of Saint
the first, which was his charaeter, he goes off in the 29 of August, when I am.
thodo be corrected in the last cycle, Augustus. This is the reason.
Why August 29 is the first of Thoth fixed origin. How to corn.
straw and tentaffem, if emcndat cycle, it is not the reason for habuiffem vitiofi.
Finally, in Julian, the 49, who was twelfth for the twelfth running of them ,.
whom the Augustus is the end of the intercalation tranfegit, imputarunt a quarter of an.
at the end of the day on 28 August menfis and quinquagefimo ongoing for years.
Fined E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 237.
"At the end of the day eiufdem 28 began on the day that one of the quadrants.
i.
four mine. A straight intercalatio which was the first in years and throws.
Why Thoth A & tiacum fell into tricefimo Augustus, almost 3, cy.
heaven of the Sun an improved xv t the Romans, however, centefimo oétagefimo day.
After Egypt fuum Bifextum right between the terminal & Regif.
intercalarunt immunity, Julian 53 years, so it is above the difputata. Ah.
