 In fequenti 1 2, the same three regular Characters ap.
pofio constitute a fair Thoth 1. 3 O & thother will be in August in.
I was beheaded season, what ecclefiarum Roman ,.
Antioch, Constantinople pridie respect. These Regu.
Elkupti homes and Ethiopia Plinthion Greek word, that is DR.
risk, call the bones in the accounting Æthiopico explained. In the quarter.
1 line is dear to both, and three times that of the previous line Characters menfe.
was nominated and brings about the same thing, which is regular, of one of the lines appofiti. Open.
is to be, therefore it is called by a character dies THOTH neomcniæ of John, with the neo.
Paffione is made to the remembrance of the walls there was dedicated to Thoth scmpcr of John the Baptist.
Menfibus Elkupti vetcrcm the appeal of Alex added.
cmus, to compare them to each po / FIS. They are the same, for some time.
away from the old, however, as well as the name of your schism. At the same time, too, that they carry them ha.
beres corrected. For the English edition and in the Albateni.
But they are usually vitiated guidance Alfonfinis menfium appel.
lation. td; The Ethiopians are still irayoμάίας O N A L N E 1000 vo.
cant: N 1 If Coptitae. Albatcni said to be 'A N G Ahir. However.
Many of the auetorem distorted, they have a fine interpreter.
scitia, fine Librariorum fault. That when you read it in Alkepc.
For Elkupti. For cuptas voice distorted ex Aijvîß 'so that the Ethiopians.
GIBTS yet say for Egypt. Also, when we read it in writing.
HALO, Tarich Elkupti been forged by the death of Alexander, and nevertheless the opposite differences.
500 rentiam Tarich Dilkarnain decided Each is 587 years old.
falfum. Albateni not a mistake, but by copyright. For if he that year, El.
kupti be supposed from the death of Alexander the Great, more ancient than those of z ,. Tarich effet sense sought
How Tarich Dilkarnain. But now, out of the Tarich Dilkarnain iubeas I went away.
587 Tarich Elkupti wax method. But, listen, and the number is 587.
fl it. There is difference Tarich Dilkarnain and Elkupti, or above.
59 5. That was the difference adieéta years of solid military Diocletian.
produces Tarich Dilkarnain. dctracta and the appointment of Dilkarnain.
  Oh tullí2 4 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
determined that Diocletian. This is a useful brass plates Theonis. But the men A.
ho, of the Alexandrians, the names of the Arabic Christians alone Elkupti fium.
day vfu equal. For Muhammcdanorum of the common people therein shall not know. Do not mi.
imagine, however, that A 1000 S C H 1 R μαχάς for writing. How often do you χ.
Before the Greek letter "* Oh, and in 1000, V, and an Arab express the fuum 10.
kind of casting marked with triple apex. The utterance of what kind of man of a rooster.
the public is c H C H E C T 1, c HI SE E & Hifpanorum x x A R A V E ,.
ENxvT o e e Nx R 1 R: absolutely quality of fonus Jewish y whom.
refpondet C5 ~ Arabic. Vtraquc also host a fue mi.
merotrecentorum attention. The sayd fonus estGræci χ in dχλλάς ,.
χελόm, χάςες, Sec. indeed, today announced that the Greek populace B.
that even in the thick ancient, so it Xgxí ^ α ©, £ apczyas the EU.
Angelio paraphraser Arab (three diuerfa with me.
I) with the letter x back the fuum CS> <s. But it seems strange.
rl not be sustained. I do wonder more in Paschnes version χ before ZT.
p. £ Ya comes back through and •>. © genitiuus zrazów and is not an.
Likewise nominatiuus τσχά. For it is not Paschncs, but Paschunos legen.
While it is fiquidem apiccm grammarians were added o £ 3. Pair.
Maath are far removed from the original φαμμάμω. Rcliqua am.
inhibits nearly equal rights reserved. In harmony with these menfibus Elkupti C.
for we have added from the regione fingulos black as an Ethiopian, whom he removed from the city of Kairo.
tranfmifit good to us some facerdos Ethiopian hand sua examined.
further injury. .
500 E R N A N N o S o g r o R ​​v AE 100 M.
 A 500 e c o n e s that under the Seleucids in Syria and Asia ,.
lyocantur by the Greeks> & 9i »us, Arabs and 3 <j <J at all.
Greeks. In Syria two years old at the beginning of the period vtcbantur offenses.
UP and Calippico Moon, the Chaldeans, in the Chaldean D.
Lunari. Aegyptij they took care of years ago by the death of Alexander & call.
Philip years, the aim of which the first, the second also. Quorum.
Although the head from the death of Alexander achievable, although Philip's account.
That diet, because this is already being called. Thus period.
Callippus Alexandria took place in Syria, twelve years after the death of A.
Alexander. And according to an nominauerat Callippus and for that point.
Alexander & postcritas the youngsters, who together with her pcriodo Macedonia.
~ • • donicaD Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 E. 4. 44T.
.
Adonico VFI are, they called Alexandria, so it really is. Founded.
For the period of the Empire, Asia by Callippus are in the favor with Alexander. And.
has hitherto been called by that name, by those who make them, historical epoch of servitude, and the Syrians the men ,.
Syrochaldæis and other Christians who are in Ecclefiam Antiocheham.
Contribute equal. They call for ®® * * <> J z)>, that is: A A A M.
A 50 N 500 from A R E A call Marcus Albateni • >> NEI.
  >. 1. \ N 37! Nat & * $ 100 Jose by name. '}; Teans ,.
dilkarnain, irozlw & hxigores, that is Alexander. of which the reason for this procedure.
rcddo elsewhere. It was an epoch beginning of Oétobri Rome.
no, that is the Hyperberetaeus Macedonians. In fact, this is the start of Alc.
XANDRI command, Vt.
