
ςης, and specifically who is afraid gods.
ment nºs & Arab NNT 100 § • ά .Quod nomenaliquandopostpo.
"Discerned that φλθαχέας, ipan from 6, 24. Thus O3νκαὐκ, * ~ JP vus out.
P. 16, 2 and 6. Thus AGX); Aesehyl ipis of 1, 24, Oàvd) but) nniuns.
From 19, 16, 9. For this <NJ also fimpliciter pronounced Aάτις ,.
which was $ egτηγός Aapei8. O3v & gtmy & Oává $ scares think it will be fed.
Greeks deprauasse. Oxyathres, however, was the brother for killing Codomannus. Au.
And for Strabo. O3vdgT $ * & nswns of 19, 16, 18 when she grae.
and Tim joined the side of esserantur, difiunótim were ἀχος δακῶς, όχος δα.
"Dat%, άχό δαςτΚ. Mithie, or of the Mithridatic, or meth, too, the foreskin.
falsus, 588. . E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
discerned that snfnn M. ^ $ pid \ im% is fine Oh $ & * ~ * dd * t and that from A.
tat in cash to its King. Mithra à Mithcr comparative level ,.
that is, μ € ίζω. And the thicker the dynasty, or the Lord. Therefore.
Mithra used to call it, that is, xJe / or, δύναςmy.
Even now præponitur as Astrampfychus, now less than ,.
for example Zoroastrs or Zoroaster nnps on the basis of 8, 7, once the bus.
vfurpatur fold, to see the Queen Hcster, which had previously Hcbraicc.
? GNM, that is, Mtjwn called. So, Ari, 1, at any time fimplex ,.
A2ιυG), sometimes compofito, Aeuudw ©, of 1, 11, is nominated.
not to perfom the underworld was used instead. With Hefychium, Agìudó) ;, 6 AU) ;.
aj§ $ IIígatu. According to Plutarch and others seem the same as Mithra and.
To the sun. For high-Perfarum the sun. Plu writes B. Therefore,
tarchos Themistocles out of the mouth of $ xáléUŠap% tολμίοις αωας φεδας.
όσόα, Rov Aeuuaiioy, άπως ἐλασωσι ἀ 2% 8, 33 íavî. Ghosts Au.
Likewise 2, fimplex as ghosts hærefiarcha bear, whereby the blow.
Waste sometimes as a singular 5 Wasti Queen, once composition.
may achieve Hystafpis, * ~ £ rny Of the 28, 29, the boss in the bear Aszarnc.
does not seem to someone other than the Hystafpe. Compofitio same name Ysai.
zμας said Trilogy. Astyages was on the one side it is composed. With these of the anus.
maduerfis, now have to see whether expressly King alight till facras.
Eibliis, from the time of the rest of the times of the deprchcndi they can be. Certainly it.
Thus, it seems that it is possible, if of Him, whose mention is made in the facris the farthest of the books of ,.
fixed period of time can be noted. It is given with Nehemiam ca.xii C.
2 Z, under the Nehemiah testifies ïàðû top facerdotiofun & nm.
Ïàðû truth is that nobody can deny, is that Alexandra.
He came to be taken up into the dress of the Pontifical came in, went up to Jerusalem. Darius.
Thus, this was the equal of Alexander & Darius confequenter this.
That is, who won, Alexander, King of grade palace. Whatever.
so it is done, Nehemiah it came to the time of Alexander. , Nor did it.
denied. But a stronger and subject to test. Sanbelletes.
A Samaritan, and, where kings endowed as he was a man of grace and wealth, Nehemias:.
, Re-making the walls of Jerusalem, by every possible means to address him if efforts fail.
it is. Nehemiah 4. This Sanbelletes fecutus is, the camp of Alexander, to give him.
Füppetias came down to Gaza, the soldiers assaulted it with the help of the hand; and Mr
He died shortly after, before I took the fight against Alexander ,.
At first Olympiad 112 years. History exists in Iofephus. Here.
Nechemiyah equal Sanbelletes Alexander the saw. Give.
more dear, therefore, illo, under which the ïàðû the top of the facerdotio funétus is to say, it is not.
is to be other person authorized by him, whom Alexander was victorious. The third argument visited.
resistance is equal to the bone pcrtinaciae dull. Sanbelletes daughter house.
And Manasseh his marriage gave the name of his brother ïàðû Nicafo in the Black Sea.
ficis1) 1000 e e e n b a r. E P O R T 1000 50 1000 v 1 p. v i. 8.
, Figs max. Auotore Iofephus lib. reign. At seeing this, Do not.
Hemi Manasseh Republic of Jewish expelled and $ Xaoawøy.
yov £ 7roin RC. Nechemiyah Div. vit. 28. Why do you out to Ioiadefilij.
Eliafibi Pont. AMAX was son in law to Sambelletù Oronitæ, whom I am speaking from his timber.
grandfather. Ïàðû, however, was the son of John, was it, John of Jehoiada. He was a man they could not even.
pos, by his son John in. But in truth, the Jews are ignorant of Sanbelleten foce.
that he had obtained the pardon of the temple, by Alexander the Great in the juice of Manasses.
mount Gerizim, and materials for constructing a: to the other; They admit that the same demand to Sanbelleten ,.
the memincrit Nehemiah. But they are wrong, at that time, when one Simon,.
Fuissearbitrantur that Just One, the smoke of the Pope, it is not Iadduam.Quare out.
the light of these things that is clear enough, Nehemiah to the time of Alexander the Great, Peru.
gnisse.Ideo, Darius, you see, that according to the last place you remember, it is the Darius the Codomanus.
less that the Alexandroad of Gaugamela live, then put in a Besso.
terfe and burn est.Nehemias is writing the last chapter of the book have been under the head end.
Achi of Artaxerxes, the sonnes of Artaxerxes the memos, under the Pope, Ioiada.ca.i;. .
z8.Lege Iofephus necessarily, lib.xi.x "4a.% as the head of this surprisingly V1.
tima of Nehemiah, the times of the states: quamqum there are erroneously written in AAA.
38 %% AG, instead, a% $ %% A £ £ 38, just in Tertullian with.
Argus we read that the Jews falsely on behalf of Achus tra, quierror vetusest. Na.
Even Julian Pomerius against Jews Argus Achus to write display.
dit fe vfum mendofo codex of Tertullian, with the hunclocú from the coscriptore.
under the end of the book of Nehemiah seems to fuü scripfisse defumeret.omnino.
