 Blow Zygon fourteen eight.
bris. Blow Marchefvvan, r 1 1 1 Octobris Jewish year 1469. C.
Blow Thoth xx 1 1 1 September, the day he saw Noah füperfi.
surface of the earth deeply from the waters dried up. Genefeos v 1 1: 1, 2. Diexxvi.
November, that she was a fecund menfis 27, r 1 is Athyr, x v 1.
Scorpions, xx 1 Cafleu on Wednesday, Noa Sotena sacrificed Deo.
Opt. Max. On the same day that the meeting was warned. Old.
Also of the Gentile, as we have said, are far from being closer to this epoch of the O & taginta years ,.
The horsemen are fexaginta. The horsemen, although they can be putaf.
Nimrod years pe care of by the government. That, however, is wrong from the.
all reported this time as a noble Cafus, the same caufâ.
was wrong and that the epoch of the world.


1l.
(].

D.
500 E 10 500 O O H E B A A AE O 5 M.
, Oh DILVVI the birth of Abraham, the current 29 Genefeos 2. Div. XI.
Yo. to the end. A duck, to Abraham, to his noble calling by interram.
Canaan Genefeosxi 7 5 years. 4. summed diluuioad Abra.
fisherman's journey to the land of Canaan, 64. 3 years of the absolute. Haetenus things.
<Tc chronologer. Oh for 43 years straight here again suppose St. .
a N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. vM 50 1 BV ;; â.
).
Aquod not only doetè Chronologi of tartar, but also Jews of ancient times.
fequuntur. For those 43 years, oh no descenfu the patriarch Jacob :.
Egypt suppose, but upon entering Canaan, Abraham and his own.
Egypt migration, because the distance from the descenfu Jacob in Aegy.
ptum at the time of the Exodus, is narrower than that 43 years ago oh county.
pleer can. O is for those 43 years from admission to Abraham.
Canaan is meant, the mother of James descenfu have thought that old, not from the Jews, is the witness Jn.
3 fEph book. Div. v. KARATE a tlu ^ Aiyviov μ | ho it "3tx% tiu.
f tat dkxdt, 13) GXfiy.u, μ% ἐτη τ: ιακούα έ τεττακόσια, ή τὸν τςόγο.
»Ίμὸ Aέegauo, if rlu) Xayavaiay iAfiäv, E o lax & μάστασεως ἐς.
AiyvT tlu ^ y% ρομάς A & xooioi; 7T £ 6ό τίς xaztáta Estowe * d% s; ῦςερον. Out.
BIST then collected by coaditu world at the time of the Exodus, many years.
to be completed 2453. Each year the world's 2 454 for an ipfum.
whether the Exodus. Thus ones. Characters are two of this.
Epoch. Prior, on the moon menfis Easter, which was Thursday.
One is quadragefimus year of age, quadragefimus.
fextus, quinquagefimus third, are hebdomadicam. Finally it.
9o8 year from the same epoch and hebdomadicam the third and C.
lympiadis 47. These together can not engage unless beyond the year 3 217 ,.
the period of Julian, who was Jewish z 2 64, the world in 2453.
Charaeter Zygon 2. 19. 46, October feptimi. Marchefvvan 3.
4. 1 1 3, mounts November. Was the starting 53 faeculi, fine lie.
Cled Hebrew. Epagomenon moon, r 1 1 1 October. Blow up.
Ethan, 13 October. Nifanius Moon 5. 17. 5 5 Z of April.
Blow Krion, that is Aequin and components Springtime similarly fertile soil.
April. Therefore the merit of the old days menfibus uniform.
the bus, Luaares has instituted, and in defense of feptimum for the first time, in which the & feruitutis in.
Jewish burning of gum from the cervix and the moon cumneo.
Aequin walls and tiali power. Quadragefimus of the year.
In the Jewish epoch z is the number feptenarius 3. 3o ,.
So this year, and the Sabbath. And again, the year of the Exodus 9o8 it.
3171 Jewish, which is fèptenarius & yourfcif or Sabbaticus. In facris.
The Bible is not a historical epoch marked by charaeter beside the exodus, and ca.
B) reduc Iekoniæ King. In the New Testament the only one epoch.
Characters it has, namely the Passion of the Lord, Wherefore, with the bishop.
dear that they are the true and Characters have a Job.
oldest, 7 2 1 years older than the first Olympiad, initially autema.
Nabonassari 7 5 g. From this time of year vfus orbit in the church.
I should induétus, referuatis menfibus balanced people. For that they would.
Solomon tartar is still a popular place to have fidemi year.
I make no mention scccrit & ziu, in the first book of Kings, $ *.
 * 1 1 igitti374 tle o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
So are the Hebrews from Egypt Fourteenth Nifanius, which fell A.
April fortnight on Wednesday, XT 11 1 Pharmuthi.fequente vefpera by whom.
He began x 1 1 1 1 Nifanius, maétatus Lamb τὸν δαάατηéioy victim. X X 1 1.
Ijar which made Rev. May, noting the first day of that.
In the olden days it was ZIU XIII. Genefeos xvi, 27. Through to.
Then the head of the deprehenfüm the Jews month IIara.
Saturday of the year incurred, and consequently the moon Nifanius Monday.
V lot. which is an extraordinary concentration which curbs license Chro.
nolog, which do not limit the new year, a new king ,.
epochas devising new ones. It is strange, however, have stood out, who are cine,.
Mofis recognize the productive menfis moon on Saturday incident.
in consequence. Hebrews arrived in the wilderness of Zin XT menfis productive. EXOBS.
di xv 1. 1. On the sixth day of the people that we pay out.
menrum Mann $ comma 5. This time it was Luke menfis. But.
He was the preparation and profabbatum. Z z commas. 2 3. The neo.
menfis walls there was a Saturday. And yet, the Hebrews are not migrated in, say it.
Week.