
the ninth, after He hath of her death, so that they wish to acute men, præftantiffi.
miinterpretum and facras La hierophanta, who was seventh.
O & taginta say the protection effect. So vast was oftendere seventh.
About forty years ago cffet O & taginta as one year after the King of obj.
as well as fuum eDiets to do it. It is not, therefore, feptuaginta of the year from defola.
tion contract, but the feruitute, and ever since, Jews have taxes.
rij Chaldeass attend. And so, Reet and informed them that a correlation among the Ie.
tem XXV 2. Every country will have on / olata and stuff, and all of.
illaegentes / eruient to 3abylonisfeptuaginta ammo. In these do not.
dæostantum they caught him, fcd, too, you all Syria. For the Iu.
dAEI.
"Erj p r o r. 1000 E E G O N A L 10 10 10
; and the Jews did not vocanturcis, but all the alijextraIudæos. combustion; nonfolum.
the inhabitants of Jerusalem, but also from the neighboring countries.
Folate be said, commatc preceding vfque adfeptuagintaan.
We, the start of the season fubiugatæ Palæftinæ and trapped Ie.
chonio, also better known among Jerof sharpens pieces here.
magnalux shine. Scquuntur king of Babylon, and Perfidis.Quis.
were with fomno, hallucinations, lies of men, be shocked.
Chronology of Kings? what shall I say hatred, όλοτυπίω & κακόn $ e ;.
of their towards us, because in addition to them, The kings of the expeétationem of them do not.
inκφέλ9xoxxv 4% Aristophanis fed with cuftodem prifci Ori.
Orīginum Jerof Chaldeass Megafthenem, Herodotum found.
advance? ipfosin as those of Daniel, Zachary, Efdra and Nehemiah, p.
Do not distinguished by any change of the thought to be extant told it? which of the two to their kings.
Moderating, and a King Ahasuerus the crush has not made ?.
Berofiigitur & Megafthenis forward to the remains in the Iofephus.
We recluferunt sources of truth, of these benefits have.
gesChaldæorum Nabuchodonoforo from the captured acyraS Babylae.
end. From Babel was taken tempusiniri can serve when it fueritan.
Nabopollaffaro less Lxxxv from his father Nabuchodonofori guidance.
Dung tricefimus fextus Iphias Rev. imperijCyri.Lib.vi, cap.de two.
quæft the bus. Daniel V 1 1 years, we have not. Why is corrected.
numerus.Sed to the first by which the kings of Nabuchodonofori fuccefforibus ag.
ree, difcutiamus opinions interpreters of Daniel and Chro.
nolog. The majority of these people feptuaginta years.
Jeremy determined Sedekia to grab the lead after the first year.
Mediterminant killing, hocvno argumentomoti that Danielpri.
This makes Moanne Darijmentionem vaticinijs prediction of the seventh.
About forty years, and therefore the end of their annorumtunc accidiffe say.
Sedhæc tamacutafèntentia facileretunditur. In fact, in the same way.
aprimoannohuius Darijineunde effent weeks, quiaeodem.
the particular mention of them, rather than just one fubieétum II.
Sap head. Thus, fane puerifolent them to argue. Passage of Live.
7Daniel understood by the letters a number of years, and c. I, he says, between the.
read remarkably well defined feptuaginta years in captivity.
It is not fcquitur, it fuiffe feptuagefimumcaptiuitatis.Rurfushunc ,.
Darius would effect Aftyagem King of Media, son Cyaxaris ,.
whom, Daniel, should vouch to be here. And yet, who has ever been his old claf.
auetor figs fcripfit Media, Babylon imperaffe? Who would not.
of the AftyagemaCyroviétú and imperioexutum? NamXe.
nophontem so conftat hiftoriam noluiffè fcribit, fèdexemplum.
beneeduótiprincipis to propose, quamcertum is, there is nothing in the whole of Cyrus.
d pædiaxx 4 x 50 1'r P R O E M E N A. Oh, 1000
m.
pædia real effect, but the names alone and naked mentionemduo.
Rum or three cafuum as Babylon taken, erœft be flexible, but to do so.
pora, feriesgeftarum of things, the seven years of the Empire, and of Cyrus, vtab him.
fcriptore are set forth, all, I say, that the true they are, Fiverr funtÆthi.
opica Heliodoro. nor Xenophon was not so foolish that would be.
Greek this perfuade poffe. Præfto unto him, It scriptis fuispudorem.
impofuiffentCaftor Rheginus, quifub Cambyfefcripfit Herodotus ,.
He temporeXerxis and Arthasastha Longimanifloruit: Ctefias that in.
His Arthasastha Memorisconfenuit.Sed that is equal @@ ®.
fuorum of the times, doing this. Deligebant Perfonarum out of the midst of the prif.
of the heavenly historie, which they painted these colors, by which the putabantfeani.
Mosler & torumad power to wake up. Why ftultè they do, will bless.
inexpertly, I will ask for the truth, to complete the quiex Xenophon Hiftorias.
Those who do so are unworthy of him, nominefolum ing those who are to be heard. But.
do Darius the King of this quinifti of the Medes, who was also of the Gentile afly.
gem call, the proper nomine, Darius, it were said. Obfecro.
you give & ti agents, wherein didiciftis, King Darius of this fuiffe ?.
Who remembers that besides Daniel? Therefore, Daniel Confulendus.
At strength of italegimus: T) drius Median received the kingdom. & Outset.
XI: First autemammo killing Medi. Tell us a green-tiffimo so.
Do not MeduseftRex of the Medes? This is a new kind of lo and infolens.
and to conform, as he becomes king of the Medes, the Mede? If Medusomnis King is a medium ,.
, then, as many as the Mede, even, there will be as it is said, The kings of the Mediæ.Quare not Iofias.
A Jew, for the king of Judah? Jehoiakim Jew? Reditead vos.Videte, what to do.
defignatis.Non pudetargumenti? Shew a place in the whole of Danie_.
