 A.
menfis Pyanepfionis from the twelfth to the new popularity of Pya.
nepfionis hall. To speak '; veuluiw grandfather joyous; a v @ άας Heaven.
cpiSst τὰ σατάςg äi right aegolip4 3% IIwe ®. When I say dexdruj.
argéléegy, understands the tenth menfis from the new moon. how.
Jaxatm d ssieg or ἀeg was fit άκας, vicefimum days. Then in the decree.
Athenienfis Cittenfem read the studies, Mauuaxtne /) / & give.
xcrv), J5ígg. that is, τὰ εἰκασ). Epicure on in the New Testament, we read.
Tay ιόφ d ^% * xoir Tgôégg. that is, the tenth day from the new moon. For, as I am.
almost all the people know, menfes of the people, for they are all, thirty, dicrumi.
they were, divided into three d \ tou 26. The first d \ xds was i32; $ e, fecun.
give to the μεθύ%, and the third φῶio;%. But the last t £ g $ e, as we said, the D%.
tai ττόieg, last μεGuî6, dexarn viieg. In the first decade of.
τςατη be, ἀeg, isagoge, the prolific rg'm, 341ieg d / d \ xDr. In.
This is the third back they d \ xdτη φόiyoveg, Eyam φδύοy @ 3, dyd \ ύ φδύογ @ ¢ ,.
vicefimum the first, vicefimum and fruitful, and vicefimum one-third. Rarely do otherwise. Inuc.
However, we obtain, as in Demosthenes ἄτη ἐπί άκα}. & Menandru.
μᾶς: isoj yotuòy 4dox x and y Toifiaºv d jiegy μά άχασα? oJrò, IA g).
1. & AG) σωτή τις ἐrie9,.% § 343% tουαχά ἐχω καλός. Again this year.
Twenty-four Calippicus V 1 Atticus. Table moons.
Nights says at first, over 2 years 6, Pyanepfionis neom.
inhibits October 8. The hall was Pyanepfion x 1 x Pyanepfionis.
 democratic ,? E p h o s 64 1 1 50 1 Sc A G E R R.
democratic, that is, τὰ ἐνέτη μεGuù * ;. That was the first year of Ca A.
lippicus definen Atticus is made VICEF there is an eighth, and so demonstratur.An.
nusprimus Calippicus to 446 Iphiteus definen, that is 66 fextam.
the period of the Olympics. Abieétis 38, the method of the Eternal, remains an anathema.
28 definen periods of less Atticæ. It does not matter Olympia period of years.
with a small broom you take away the 38, or to add any more. Methodus: for it amounts to the same perio.
Atticus. Exemplum.Volo know it, convert it into 50 v year period ca.
lippicæ, cuidier cælestiin Parapegmata entitled NeomeniaMæma.
& Teriones hall. Table moons hall, how to prepare.
pegmati fubiecimus, away from the region of the year 55, sub Maemacterione, I note the.
27 October. This is Kal. Nouemb. Therefore, for the parapegmata, day.
Kal. Nouemb. c see a signature on the first lashed the region. Where B.
Scorpion really pronounce the first month maemor & teriones pryta.
Penychen time. But, the more excellent an example, in our dreams. Book of first quality.
the mouse, the decree of the Athenienfis you into the grace of Hyrcanus of the Jews, Eth.
z 6 have been written in prose that Paneme Macedonia, vndecima Mu.
nychionis Calippici, moreover period Macedonicam sing fuif.
be in the Olympics. The year was 714 Iphias, and hence the period of O 3.
CIMA Olympics. Furthermore quadragefimus fourth year of PE.
Rio Calippicæ. Table moons Calippicarum the region.
4o of the year, under the title of Munychion, in a general way at an angle, you have a 9.
April. That is, the moon, April 9 Munychion Calippici ry.
Tani. If vndecima Munychion fell 2 to 6 Paneme popularity; C.
Therefore the new Munychion fell fortnight 1 menfis popularity, and.
Consequently, it was April 9 x v 1 menfis popularity and confequenter 2 5.
MART. menfis was an end to its popularity. In the first, the Ta.
Attic bula of the new moons, from the region of 3 o of the year, on the new moon of Elah to reign.
phebolionis fell 2 to 5 March, which was perfectly suited to the PA.
Nemum Macedonian. Why is propofitum was above the rest.
Then it. But another reason was that year in the period of the attic. Indeed.
Munychion the new co-hall fell in the d & jiegyä a4r £ ^ O.
Άύος ἐσμόa. For the eighth year in fexagefimus periodiAtticæ.
What is more elegant than this which by this method? what Fusus the knowledge of this world.
things? Otherwise expeditius.Esto propofitusannus periodiprytanias 59, 500.
Also Ides of April. I want to know who menfi hall, and stock quotes menfispry.
the Litanies of refpondeant the Ides of Apriles.In Parapegmata, sub Krion, away from the region.
Easter, April, stamps are anniprytanias 7,45,64. But the year 59.
it does not happen. Let us go see where the next person. The quidemof.
J leads from XVI Krion population; eid force. Menfe Munychion since April.
The tenth day of the fifth from him. I say that a 59 year-hall Ides.
April was 7ríuány Mayvχόνος Ἀγνωδίας. The end of the same in any way, the labor of all of you.
epochas days of Julian dies at the hall, and the conferes.
  . 'Rest.
}Goes\.
ά.
] 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 4. 1 6 5.
"From these things? You'll hear the rest of your leader. Vfui is produced and how much.
 parapegma, & Table menfium the town-hall in the ratio of the times ,.
without the chance of, who the work is not grauabitur, the midwife will be able to. How can.
Now a new moon aegv% y € œ; fint by means of the context of the expense incurred for the whole f e.
riod from the ongoing book learn nothing. Nor is still common.
, which was both a method is: fententiarum Geminiodorati than from the footsteps of the smoke.
It should be noted that in February menfe we ​​dispose it twice P 1 R D.
Κ AL. From 1000 RT for bifèxtum for the next day, P R 1 KA L. D. From 1000 RT
The 29 February in a year bifextili and therefore twice pofuere mounts.
