
xed fuum fecutus that the device eamplanetarum and in the sphere fuse.
crrantium the harmony of the celestial bodies that oftendit in their effects, as fequente D.
Reftitution vtriufque of the Faith, and of all the necessary for that of the fixed reality.
diturn contact conclusive. Because many spheres dgg® county.
stantial, is, as many as Aristotle tells us the book of the XI άγμ %% φυσικα whom he wishes.
Consult certain admittedly. Moreover, even Callippus other disc beside Eudoxum.
added for the same reason as Xaoxatdsaov £ $% 4ayoμ μων adftrueret, @ 4aJ.
Popa to μάλα τι; λτάσσω as Ariftotelesde ca refcribenspronunciauit.
Therefore it?) 44yoμάμων nominc understanding rise and the West ô.
DZ dwówD ^ E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. I9.
A D * * * Oh, it does not have ά π ^ ωτά Σ τας ἐπισημασίως, that is fignifi.
].
cationeseorum: quasin orbemredire of the moon and the sun on Enneades.
caeteridc Meto, indeed, Callippus and HIPPARCHUS speakers and others.
persuaded, however, of the year of the Tropic of deprehenfo little measure, until the vice.
caftigatis than these periods. Cicero of the term.
This parable, fexto of the republic, the year that a savage beast, who was one of so many mil.
, thrives in annorumfimplicium he puts them, in no other way into the world, he would return.
cumomnibus errant & inerrantibus cenfeo than if the same occur.
And the action of the sun in the same place, the same time it happens, though defeétiones.
the cycle of enneadecacterico they had met it is not uncommon. Rather, it Eclipfi control.
nontantum Sun and Moon, but also for the same five planets.
Β interfēcit comparison confeetus omniumfpatiis return it arises.
eademcæli pofitio, fiderumque, which was at best was rurfusexi.
ftit. Quarceclipfes shades, branded the former, also ex ^ erììxd ;.
With zeal and excogitarint. J% ^ / Yu & City. Vetuftiffimus of them.
the chronicles of the 6 585;, 18, who are the years of the Arabic language, fyzygiæ 7. in the genus of true God.
fyzygiae z equal to 2 3.Quamobrem fecundolibro Plinijperperam law.
fault to its vtter be fine, fine librarij, lack of light guides them.
twenty two menfibus return. Hipparchus and other long λχμον%.
ge greater device on days 1 2 6o O7, fyzygiarum 4 2 67 years.
Rum Arabicorum.355cum fyzygiis7, old Iulian 344c.
days; 61. What are tolerable period. For a cauff natural ,.
100 is a defeétionibus lights proficifcuntur. how.
Even enneadecaeteris orbit and CyclusSolis whom they are attracted.
Reftituit only this week the sun. And in addition, a period in Mexico.
rumconftans 52 years, which reftituit tlu) τ: ιακαιδεκαήμέe9, which is yourselves.
noftru know each week. Nor is the period of was a great perfum.
Rum store, quamSalchodai City. There are also other, but Welsh and in.
Dieties, other unmanned conieéturisinfiftunt as Dodecacteris Chaldaica.
Discourse, as Heraclitus, Lawrence, beams Dion and the Magi :.
the period of whose is to the movement of oétauae fphaeram Compofita-year-old.
36oooo since the world as equal to everybody else. of which here is-year-old.
centieso portion and a fourth millefimus, fèxcentefimus nonagefimus guar.
500 sacrificed. Sedlonge illaSinarum prodigiofior Next to Christmas this year.
FTI 1594. EFTA conditu rerums & tingenties oétagies quarter millcfimus ,.
feptingentefimus feptuagefimus third. Immolated to Iaponen.
fiumperiodus elderly 47o years since 1561, the year of Christ and 1 562.
he began to fequens. This is eiufque VICEF running. Fcelera her turn.
cxtirpatum will be: All things being reduced, the believe would be the rest of your time. I say nothing.
diucrfas Chriftianorum, of the Jews, the Samaritans, nor as already built in reality.
Rum opinionem item Roman luftrum five years, the sediments.
4 lumccn2 o B o s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
Heaven hundred and ten. There are also counting periods, like the Jewish A.
69i6 years, which conftat lunar cycle 364, 47 Paseo 2 »PC.
riod of great Dionyfianis 15. Habctque so many cyclorum feptimanas ,.
How many days a year are feptimanæ solar system many periods Dionyf.
s unique form, how many menfes, and the year cmbolimaeus: cyclosSolares so many, how many cycles.
ILunares large Jewish cycle. And so, elegantiffima is, and the artificial, or.
ciofiffima. eiufq; This agiturannus 53 54, Christi published in 1594.
Annuseiufdem 1595 and ended last summer, which is why all those Epilos.
gifmi Jewish moons. The period Dionyfiana & ipfa ad.
annalem calculation belongs years conftans 53 2, fefe duet in both cases.
that cycle. True periods meet the head of the year.
First vtriufque cycle, pertinetque Mcthodum the moon and the sun. And B.
only on these, has a place in the year of Julian, hoceftin I, to whom, except the 365.
Day attributed the quarter. So the starting point is a kal. January on.
Romano year, a year Conftantinopolitano a kal. September. in.
Antiochine a kal. Octobris. In Alexandria, and by the Samaritan. d.
1 1 1 1. Kai. West. Dionyfijpertinet, however, the period is referred to the method.
Pafchalis moon, beginning fumtibus the first year of birth of Christ, Vt.
And He is expected again on Sunday Giuliano year cycle, and on.
ca is the new moon, on the fourteenth of which it dies the next, after He hath xxi, or in the XXII.
March illness. Haetenus a minimum beginnings to the smoke of time.
Rum growth than όμέσα χέδύων Greeks chronologer.
refute, and we placed him on confpectu all of antiquity.
