
beat me, they vrebat and prægrauabant of greenish and B.
are of value mother, a way that any in the bus and joining the Thebaid, the force and the frankincense. Therefore.
Letters first, obviously defertum be said to have been a sua Thebaide.
The words of these things are: what is it it is necessary, too, by the authority of this edition.
NU loaded? I have yet to Thebaide, although I left TI.
my name. The Epicedio Father, we place shortly before produetus, 2gχαίσ.
μέ she said Thebaidem inuidam Tarpian parcns, that is ,.
inuidiofam said, that the charged with ingratitude to either part then it vfurpamus. Vfus it.
And the word of Horace B A N T E R V
 For burns / splendor / αο that prob "weighs heavily on the arts, 5.
Below miracle pofitas.- Rurfus place from 1 500 O R A ing things.
Greek EWD) öαιμα. Varro G.
gui tales place between elements ,.
(3 δ συτό said, 8 us? H tiaya & Mxmeis duaprá ie, oi (e o ta.
Άωτού άγόδαίμα με κατήςegπτε /.& c. And so that place was a bad day.
And read and understood. I generally read - Paremtâ child.
Tarpei any fenfu, also insisted for vrebamt. Improperly routed.
Juvenal mentions once that was the place we go:.
After fùbsèllia verf2 smash. The rest perfectly true.
are: status shrunken been committed Thebaide. For it will always!.
no false, the poctë commifisse nothing else, except that the praise ,.
The games in the honor of whom it was instituted. For example, three vice is indeed.
quatriis of Alba, or will nothing else to sing and read out and in addition to a variety of D.
push. Too much talent to be a fœcundum it would be necessary, if they are, as often as.
, as he was so often must be instituted in a novel, the poem of the same thing, it would be.
Could be further from the truth does not need to fententia by repressing. En μαςτυς.
oixo3a, ipfe state that the Commission now in Germany, now Dacic.
War (what work is lost) won in the Alban contest. Audiamuspoe.
ipfum well as for receiving Holy Domilianum :.
~.
.
JepeD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 485.
{A $ aepe coromatis repeat five decades ;.
9ua happy to cheer, men / dediffe alike.
] Your Community. the time has come such a long time to come.
Let me Troy quality / 2b hills in the White ,.
When the German armies in the Un / onantem.
Ties, Palladium is dressed with my hands.
What if commiferit Thebaicum the point, to the point of Germany, and the DA.
counted? Therefore poets comedy, committed òoyvaioig.
dvxoi ;, or diorvoioig dypoixo%, contained only have 3 Aioyvoia.Ne.
mo a little doétior this in the display. Statins Quinquatriis Albanians won.
, perhaps against the war Daciae, the poet, who was singing the praises of Pallas.
So the point instructors Thebaicum Statins Warfare Capitol and on.
it is to be flexible against the old poets, poet new. So taken.
, A poet and an old poet fresh in his prologue Terentianis. Μοικλgit 6); G.
nufrius our best man and learned Emperor 3 & Maxim.
miano 1 i c o s s. Capitol establishes the stamps have been observed. But.
the man of the county and offer this, no ancient Auetore, as also ill.
luo, when she says, out of the combat omnesfublatos by the Emperor Constantine the Great, with the.
Julian was, however, in his letter behalf of the Argives perfpicuè and teaching, and even then.
those contests customary. For further tartar Aufonij the game.
territory. For so it is by Nen, from the Delphidio all rhetors:.
'Cook or almost 100 7U / 2s cradle.
T) to the mobile poet ,.
$ Overflowing crown bearing the Olympic ,.
"The boy celebrafii Jupiter.
Preference crown is nothing more than crowned. No.
At that time, the crown of Olympic other was of noble birth, in addition to Elidenfem.
And the Capitol. In fact, that all has ceased, and then it is wrong, and wrote Agonas.
Onufrius bit. For Julian, therefore, on behalf of the privileges, and wrote to the same period.
pfisset? But with Nen Capitolinorum stained red crown.
moiety, rather than Elidenfium. Good man, quicommentarios.
p care of the Nen reconcinnauit so that solct, differs from no.
T twice, another interpretation is involved, that it is worthless. At all.
the bus, however, disguises the fact, in which he was helped by us, though at the same thing.
And the first edition and I regret it, and rightly so. Egovero all fair.
Consult endangered. .
3 ID E S F.
E p h o s 486 1 1 1 50 Sc A G E R 1.
E 50 500 5 500 1 100 5 50 AR S A B A 1 5 St.
1000 1 500 O N A L T 1
An O 1 vs. MIT said Tullius, the games fáculares com.
were not considered by the ratio of the times of the year, when Claudius was not the next ,.
 but this time caeugufius performed. Cenforinus of the birth.
A.
A.
was Domitian xvi and L. Minutius Rufus c o s s. A. t year. c. .
O c c r 1 1 50 1. bug in recent years due to the City of Cenforinum :.
o C for 1 CX 52 will also be Confulatu Domitians, XT 1 for XIV.
although he does not 84 2, but of the O Catoniamis, or 84, or 841, Varro.
Rome followed violently year was the third athlete is needed at the Capitol, centefi.
mouse tricefimus the third day of the first Julian, oétagefimus O & TA.
Dionyfianus that servant of Christ. Games are worldly July.
there are two Cais, Furnius and Silano c o s s. Julian vicefimo year.
nine. Discussing the NCAA Augustus and Domitian years io4.
But there could be 2 O, fiquidem held ratioeorumludorum ,.
the next, not all of whom Claudius, but whom Augustus that the secular, as he wants to.
SUETONIUS.