 Since this is so.
most desirable no wonder why the Pope in a letter to Marcian Augustus.
writing this period, not 95, but only 1 oh oh fuiffe years. Whereupon be.
Rio calls it a hundred, a hundred fupputationem again.
LXXXIII, too, to Augusta, and he spoke thus to the Eudoxia In.epistola: Sancte.
Gottlieb memory for August Theodofius / enioremfçribens, Perc.
primopradiéfi years, as well as from the high Confùlatu plan the day tired ,.
the instruótionis / èptuagefimus fourth year now euoluitur charges.
vnicnt with / ale. Who would ever believe 9 5 years the effects ioo? Sigebertus.
this, too, auetorem fequutus, to be ridiculous ,. writes of this period,
See place. And not only vitiofà fane, but a ridiculous thing is to be, thus they were compelled.
dus. For 84 years, the cycle there are three terraces, about 95 or stripping.
end remanet cycle vndecimus, 12 Itaque Fianna cycle, from which.
• O 2. proximc16 o 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
fcquitur bifextum nearly always adding eleven of the first Ana.
less first period, fertilizing, third, fourth or G. incipicta version.
nus, however, was the first to a fifth, a sixth, feptimum, oétauæ mark of respect from the letter on behalf of.
This is mainly fequente, namely from A. & fic forward, to have a blackboard.
fuperiori. You can be at risk in years to Christ. In the year of Christ 535 ,.
cyclusSolis XII, the letter G Sunday, Terminus, April 2, on se.
metals. This is a continuation years fequentes 63o, 7 5 2 82 O cycles.
Sunday z 3, 6, 17. But years fequentes 915 oIo 1, 1 Jn 5: 1 zoo, then.
on the first day, Sunday 28 cycles, 2, 2, 2, 5, rcliqua through you can try.
IHac Theophilus and Cyril hallucinations deprehenfà, Victorin.
{Victoria St. Bede and others) Aquitaine nations invited to.
Hilary Sardinian bishop of Rome has devised period fated element B.
Gantt, duet years in the cycle of the solar year lunar cycle, which made.
<53 2 every year, of which over the holidays and the Easter term as unfair.
Hum fuum run. That was wafted from him wisely: fane, fiquis.
affixæ effent to one day give new moon calendar, nor one day.
inanteriora for 3 years O4 eniterentur.Initium this great period.
From the first. Ianuraij year in which Christ conferred upon baptifmum ,.
He had thought that yourfcif, XT Tiberija, confülatu two twins.
Arum, cycloid Sunday and eleven, in a period of Moon were $ Star.
V4743. And that has continued for about vfque period of time.
from one side to play the role of fua appofitum Confuli things being equal, as we have seen in the peruetusta.
Cuiacij his great films, in capital letters, which capitalesvo 100 IC.
"Cant described later. But foediffimi errors, both the Confuli no.
on the hands, the fault of the copyists; and in the Easter term and at home.
crumbs refurreótionis neglect to its Victorini. Nor is better.
codex, which in the hands of us, habemus. In either code name of virtue.
And Orin, force and orij place. These errors are both the Paschal season.
ITerminorum than ά xVe / zxóv ajxsaoiu »hand applied force.
And the head of the bishop for that period will compile a list of scripfit arms.
<5 5o Christ, who was ninth after Confulatum Bafilij younger. This.
we collect from Vietore to its terms. , we are told, Paßhalis.
fòlemnitas the most revered curve passing through ammipræ.
fentis Indiétionem tertiamdecimam a Mobi / olicite being investigated, and 5D] \.
According to Father venerable So oétauo day AMaio.
£ undoubtedly keep the matter to say the Lord's: none.
all reasonable ViFa is our reffonfio, what virtue and are fond.
dam in the circle of the Pa / € hall, which he published, in one way, the day of the Lord's refùrreéîio.
mis affixerit Although O humc deßgnauerit, which will be celebrated equally.
confess. After: $ ed munc say, the order requires that gyclorum you.
Victoria produced was clearly reveal errors, while the harvest legitimate.
diemD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 161.
A day limit Pa / LET DOWN: that when you break the law in the past / us that modofue.
(;.
).
f.
cit wrong »im before / 40 future ones, and he lacks the authority and cc.
Casson thinks perfùafionis gotten. Yes, they have, therefore, they could not.
together, but in the year of Christ 5 5 Oh, that is so indiétione third.
The tenth phase aja3aoiuo »belong to the twenty-April. Then write.
pfit after lustiniani time, and even after Dionyf μικο9). Mt.
Rum, therefore, why Dionyfij makes no mention, if Dionyf.
Victorin, fine period Viétorij changed. So the winner.
niana, fine virtue and torianorum period is interrupted by Dionyfio not for.
ium in the Easter term and within refurreétionis, but also.
in the head, which is indeed not made by baptifmo, as Victorin, fed from the first.
B Easter quartadccima deduced menfe in March. And so, that sentence.
growth together Victorin, the director of the Dionyfius, those who in this at intervals.
legislation of the worth of it kindled a fire, and his dignity and to him, commcndatione.
fua quæfiuit: among that posterity, so that you might not be Viétoriniana from the growth together.
in reality, but of the Dionyfiana from the recenfitore be said to have deserved to be. However, late in the EC.
clefiis France place had not yet Vietorinus previous statement.
firms, they still retained, as is evident from the Gregory Turonenfis, Aimoino mo.
