 But the fact that fcquitur In the same author, we can not stop for.
excufat. Supports K * K 6 (3) g τοῖς καθ '}% to H2, and •' xejois örjp%, Sec. For.
falfis, Ctefiam tartar Herodotus lived. False again, putting the same date.
River tend to be just what Diodorus, when this takes it to a tiger. '.
Inexpertly do that the first year, that is, in the first Olympiad.
s.
I v Astyagema Cyrus flexible or write to bear King Cyrus was the chosen one before.
Astyagis reign of destruction for several years, and in these disorders Eufebius. But even.
mendofe does it matter Herodotus tells us, with the Lydians and the Medes under Cyaxare day, they fought with him.
to have turned into the night, that Astyages, when he was the one, I do not Cyaxares, The sun, as Reet fiabet ;.
nus, although the beak above it to us to the same visum fuerit.Præterea be referred to, that the.
Jerome said prologue Jonas, Astyagentemp.
Iofiae ruled edge. A Ni.
we went cafum Sardanapalis so Diodorus, the government writes a clefs 1 3 6 a.
years; might not only be the king of Ninus, Sardanapalus, tricefimus, but even in tricefi.
fanguinis of the mouse, as wild fuccessionis was interrupted by N.
BACE, a Median Afiyriorum the control of the center of Cyrus, the Z8. years.
have been obtained and that Ctefiam haufisse & a'g "," x ,,%, of £% org 'and j, ov Fípzz ,.
®; ταλaia; aeg3; xae & ττα woAx0; <Je zzωτεταγμέγας. Of course, the truth is "all A & TA.
Or.
RegumRegum treacherous diphtheria, which is x "? Axia call has been repaid.
It was so obviously exists Efdra force, which consisted 2. From the Chronicle.
{Arum: Esther, 11, 22 V .: 1, 1: x 2. However, by asserting the disaster Sardanapalis Media ,.
the death of Astyages, on the Assyrians the kingdom of obtinuifTe, with good reason, as there is a doubt, fo.
tit facra page »which TiglathPhulAfar and Senacherib kings of Assyria.
MINI. But it is not true it is, Ninus, a law of Media razed to the ground, as he tells the same thing.
Ctefias with him and the divine auetoritas and Herodotus agree ,.
in this respect, becomes much more certain can be detected by those who from the Ctefia. This is writing from the out.
ercitu Cyaxaris of King Ninus, that people had besieged and deign to give the time of the Nitocridis of the wife.
Nabuchodonofori had removed. So under Nabuchodonoforo deleted. So.
phoniae the Prophet times Iofiae threatens destruction Nino. HERODOTUS.
he writes Phraortes Medûm time Manasseh king of campaign.
to have In the Medes, who do Ninus, the king's possession of this camp. However, no reasons ,.
what is the same Ctefias down, and wrote on the third Hepoixâ de Sardanapalo: του; $ ARA, J9; and.
4V. % V atiez ¢ »apa ® AP yuaz thirty %% WA. •) aestetjuq) 8 άς Níoy se} ® Cxeî.
Gaavxäa. Sardanapalum will be elsewhere than in the city of Nino, which were added se.
burned, and in addition Nini King was beside ipfum Sardanapali.
At the same time. that is ridiculous. Idiot Greeks now Herodoto.
aduerfetur, see what the Penfos he has nothing. ~ This is his fententiam fequi.
be Athenæus. But Herodotus straight Assyrian government reported, and the same date.
a city still under Medi times Cyaxaris midnight. Many of Ctefia and Hu.
humanly sins and leap through ζηλοτυτia, in Herodotus maliciously lied.
in which they abide, which he hath left unto us, Photius, the ruins, found expression in an excellent nose pof.
fumes. It should be recognized, however, Nywto the son of Semiramis, Ninus, his father, who was the third.
's reign he was called fuifTe by the same name, in which the citie, Ipfa Ninus, by the Hebrews.
said that y Nρύ. Why does the name distinguenduiu as Ni.
if the Ninya consider peck. For the most Seniramidis, properly speaking, the Assyrian was called to be an.
was, do not Ninus was, as I pretend, indeed, also to the Gentile. According to a flood, to the beginning.
Assure, the Greeks, whom they call the same date, there were only one year, fexaginta VnllS: reality.
And you. From the Assyrian 's nephew, Noæ of Shem. This is not surprising, therefore confenfus profile.
cenfualium with the facris, most of whom, it is argued, vanity of them, who came to a huge nu.
mcrum years from the flood, the exodus plan..

A αρά ά Ιλιaxâ. ] Semiramis daughter Dercetidae writes Diodorus tin.
Syrian Syrian tapoouza% n> Ti, JJ A $ & qapáj. But there is no Syriac dialect may be so co.
iumbam calls. For if the ἐτυμολογιζά, though, that in Aramaic, rather runs Y.J spar.
Meanwhile, in a dove, he is truly a fable of the poet. Ovid, Metamorphoses. 1V.
 -and doubts about yourself, ßabylonia tell.
7) exercised; How backwards fjuamis velantibus limbs ,.
Pools Paleflini believe dressing shape ?.
I rather like her daughter fumptu wings.
When the last amnos high in the towers, he do ?.
Ah, "reality 3 Σ, αέρg T] This fragment Jerof the flood acquire STU.
diofi with those who Halton, and others regentiores of loc9 where Noah's rest.
shipped, enunciated, namely, the Christians, as well with the name of that place is to-day, than the Muham.
Medano most solemn takes place..
N "! Tag $ aauae sponsor] Of the many Scidas and others. Hocautem piece.
 d 4 tu1n144 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
UU111 ^ matter with his family fuperiore joined. • • •. .
EgIy Jz $ τιω Miyvdja. ] Strabo has Mxvg%, also Pliny the fifth ,.
XXXI. JMttingit Galatia and Pamphylians Cabalia and forests that around Bari desirable ,.
& Cyllanticum and Oroanda Pifidiæ Traelium. .
B £ football; Xey% V% vov] ssAEo circunflexa accent, I am writing becomes long. On.
However, the book ends with a sharp knife. There are βάe /; Castle from the Jewish rnn * ?. And.
it turned from a Greek.