
as we have said, Keep ye a feast of the Jews, they would call all things: in what sense.
tlu) mselaw that was fair under 3 SOFIA, calls Saturday. Atquili.
bro ongoing asking what it was, and clearly the Iofephus.
hallucinati smoke and furthermore it is DXG% 5ia in the cycle of the sun. Correct.
turigitur and Dion & Iofephus and our mistake. And our very reasonable.
Erroribus4 pp 4 5 2 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R 1.
repeat mistakes is how we forget that as men do Generofus A.
must. There are a bronze coin Augustus Cæsar's. On one side of the head.
Augustus with these letters KAICAP AYTOYCT. In the other, and a ruler.
broad palm trees leaning wholly inconsistent with the Shield writes. The Periphr.
Syria: IOYAAIAC EAAwKYIAC. I understand the capture of Sofia.
Jerusalem. Eufebius stamps taken from Jerusalem by Pompey year.
the ongoing year. c LXX 1 x: this is the year where cæpitannus fourth.
C Lxxix Olympiad, which was a period of Julian 46 51, who is it yourfcif ,.
whom * we * we assign to: of which derive from the 4677, rcmanebunt of the year.
26 Pompey distance from the capture of Jerusalem by the same aso.
made taken. It is not, therefore, 27 of the year did it make, as he wanted to Iofephus. However, FAE.
J & leétoribus cast and writers meet with the seven vicefimum F ;.
mumannum call the seven twenty years as at year standing.
a Sofia of Jerusalem, who is entering the VICEF feptem iifdem.
the capture of city by Pompey, they are called the seven and twenty years. Since then double.
it becomes the beginning of the Herod's steward, or given by the Confulatu Gnaeus. Domitij Calvin and c.a.
finij Pollionis, in Julian fexto: either Confülatu M.Vipfànl A.
Gripper and L.Caninij French Julian ninth year of caution is observed.
King Iofephus the year before. For the books Origins Herod.
the temple was restored in the Kingdom XT 1 1 1. But the books dλόσεως ,.
the same time, benefit in the fifteen years of age: it was surely been diverted from the fexto annoIuliano ,.
Julian later in the year, and the assault of Jerusalem.
Elsewhere seventh year of Herod throwing the first year of Aetium C. COOPER
riæ, when Jerusalem was captured by himself. This is demonstrated by us accurate.
they are lying, because of the time so bold that exceeds the worst.
ma my faith by an Eufebio being referred to, and understood by our world Chronologis not meliorc.
Judgment discussion. It should be noted as well that Julian cycle of the solar year.
vitiofum was that we got a emcndatum autemad cycle.
Oh ID E 100 N 100 50 50 5 1 R O N A L A N O. 1000
V 1 of this year Julian tartar scripferunt say Cæsar.
Epacts had the Lunar and exfpeétasse new T ,.
mild, as in the first Ianuarijfui first posted. But from.
liud to demonstrate that other nonsense. We have already demonstrated the first.
Julian was the last first Thebeth 5 4 o'clock, it was.
nouilunia Wednesday feptimi. But Julian duodccimo year, period.
Calippicæ the quarter of fexagefimo oétauo, κομluia Tapun ^ ιόθ falls into none.
In Kai. ipfas 5 quinquagefimo periods of the year and the quarter of Alexandria.
»Eouluia. IIEE / TF "x3 ae ^ u / lw iifdem coincides with the first day.
fextus, in a period of Julian • 468, cyclo 4 Sunday, Monday V 1 ,.
,, IncipienteD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 4 ;; BV.

From the beginning of March fequentc. NeomeniaSchebat which is convenient, since.
6. 2. right charaeter 852, a year 37 27 Jews who had been fruitful.
Olympiadis 186, just 50 6 1 1 period tenths Olympiadic ,.
Aέga & »tir à Jäszö, vicefimo year period attic, IIo7 {σεῶνος έκτα.
gav% 8. Error, then, is in the Eufebio, who come from the country of the year, the third Olympias.
so is PI c Lxxxvii pofuit, the Romans, of the moon has been rich in curfus inuen.
£ us. For true eiufdem nouilunia Julian year was at Kai.
New Year and the start of the year 3 Olympiad 187, a time of passage. However.
diuerfa this year and heads into Dionyfio Halicarnassenfi finch.
Rome defining the bus and not in others rarely Eufebio impofuit. It.
This matter is Eufebij, in her own attributes, is a significant ,.
B on the one side to enter into a period of Calippicam coniiciliceat from it; Of the Moon.
Romania. The first cycle of the moon, the Roman em.
bolimæus. But then inueatum Scicndum is that this cy.
clum. For Sunday vitiofus prevented cycle, which has been rich cy.
clum vitiofum Kalendas Ianuarij encountering was Saturday. " Accordingly.
menfis the new moon had been committed in the last December.
retreating. But, nine years before the death of Augustus, he observed.
uerfia the year Julian 5o. Why '3' agoA J / y of mathematics.
Julian, before the beginning of the year XII. What are completely true. 4.
E A T 500 100 100 A 1 A 1 A 5 1 100 t o A..
100.
IS 1 t 1 vm viótoriæ Aetium the fumes from the time that the fight.
Anthony & naval Clcopatra Viet fifteen years Julian C. Caefare.
O & Auianus 3, M.Valerio Messala c o s s. 1x cycle of the moon, So.
Us force 1, 468 3. Iulianae year periods of the day indicates Bio.
Nomas September 1111. The words are from the book 2. % Αιτη τις λ ιω.
μαχία αυτό, η σωτίςα 3> & ssiu £ gie i% *. 3-5 GX d '; éyoy (e.
j) äa3α ω? tota) dλ ότι τότε ττόβ £ 6 Köoag 'xegr® Ta, U6.
χφ άα, άε ἐ ἐu) ting / $ umat, II TI uovagxia; DV% τό άτ 'έχ € ίης 3.
γμέegς avert / £ & $, & c. Dio, so that this does not mark the day and to us.
