 And Fane in the pie.
nilunium was to grovel before, the things that fecutus is 4 July, Thammuz fifteen, of which the cha cha.
raotus 337 2 6. 14. 3. Jewish year, Karkinon V 1 1 1 year from the world.
gods conditu 3561, which Zygon, 7, 13. 27, west. XXVIII. TogTioja.
 d `¢ xcirnD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 51 41.
A δεκατη φόύονές, Σκjo4oe /% © Am hagoge, Σajoqoe / Jyo; raarapsg.
x / d the "r II6v% / € IAG, fifteen days before the government IIvg%. That.
fi, as I think, it happened that on the fifteenth, or fextadecima Scirrhophorio.
We metonic hall, it is so far Xaôq days, they o7rów 9 / y and v. Where.
You see again, and how to report annually to know the ancient Greeks and.
to the forms of notation, the times, to demand his Characters. For I was not.
the bus there was governor of the antiquities of the whole country, from the miferrimis of the remnant that.
fparfim lie in Auetores, this track and shy tempuspre.
hendimus, and when having of old time, which are all the fuppetebant; Contentions.
unfairness. So aeawαελήφ straight Plutarch, the AEE's driven and serves 9 ;;.
The vin July biduotantum removed from sixteen Scirrhophorionos Meto.
B ebb. Aged ones, and often sixteen rather than x v menfis.
Full Moon destiny. But if the solstice is its own.
I had a moment to investigate what was in xx v 1 1 June; in vain.
thieves. For, as I have said so many times, during the summer solstice day, the ways of the ancients alone.
Iulij understand it, is not it the full moon after the summer solstice & from the truth of this, but of the fe.
the return in three days apart. This happened because the sailing cafum x Kal.
August, which confirms and slave Commcnto vu. In fact, eighteen days.
ūtilis was 195 Id. The ancient January. Therefore, at Kai. January in Rome.
had not the cut in the xXIl of December, and just at that time that the fault was in the Emer.
kedonij Intercalatione. But if x V 1 1 1 on July alienfis disasters.
it happened that, there are three hundred Caefarum three times on the same day and in any other time of the Fabij ,.
Cquomodo the affair. Fabian cladcm in February vapor ?.
Otherwise heart. 2 silently hisior. Griefe of the good of every place has been taken;.
The largest was promoted obtained Vitellius ceremonies x V ,.
Id. Aug. 's edict, old times the disasters Cremerenfi, Alienfiquc.
calamities. A 50 1 E N S 1 to enroll for a veteran's 50, not 50 A 51.
E N concerned. Scrum comment virgilii feptimo observed: A 50 1A said :.
to which is added one 50 for the sake of the meter, so that R E 50 LIQVIT s. Luca.
Well po / lost: • What other disasters. .
ID E R T 50 E 5 100 1 100 5 G A P N A.
 TY R at 6 s e s t h en Peloponnefiaci war from the beginning to the Lea & Father.
ABOUT; defeat, puts 61 years of release. The beginning of the war Pelopon.
nefiaci, 28 year 4; STAGES Star. She then falls into disasters.
4; 44 year period Julian, the cycle of the moon 12. There was therefore necessary either that, and the year.
fecund yo 2 definen Olympiad, auttertius out shooting. And indeed, Plu.
In this way, O & OGIS uluô tigii tarchos, isagogae said, known to have happened, whom the men.
{Èm contributes to Hecatombaeon. The beginning of the third century.
Less fruitful tefimæ Olympiad and a price war occurred. At om.
aid for productive ends, dgxo / A% ^% * ot qegaix clda, i think.
4. adhucA16 1000 1000 m e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Phraficlida again at the end of their productive force. For PCIe A.
tarcho from the rich to speak with deleétu believed. For same.
incorrectly AOO / macedonica said Exc £ uétuâwa exist, and in this subject.
rarely is fitted fine fatifdationc.
In IT ON AL E 1 10 500 A 1 1000 A N A L N G
Hilip p vs Macedonia Amyntas F interfeetor the first year.
Olympiadis c x 1, IIv% d% με dgXoy%, auetorem Diodorus Sec.
Arriano, which is celebrated Olympiad's on Au.
gusts. Born is the beginning of the Alexandcr Olympad 1 O 6, sub IP.
íum season games. Plutarch ἐγή3m di o A £ © i %% d}; by & e B.
Ex μ'ινός 'μέαύG%), a Maxed) o £ 5 Iadoni καλέον, ἐκτή, κα3' if fiuíegy.
ό Β Eóaaiag Aáléudo; άγετςηόη νεως. He adds: Φιλίπτφ di cign IIo7i.
Jaaw ignκῶτι τεάς ηκον α} βλίω ζ τὸν αστόν άδιον. η μά Ιλv283 Ila ;.
μαχη μεγάλη δια Ila} μ $ μίωθ fi di O vuTidaiy τύτω κάλητι τωικήκάαι.
of Ephesus; δ γὰ ἐ Aλε %%}} out of the μᾶς. The 41 year period of the Olympics. G.
lympias conducted in July XXX. Accordingly, terms with the third periods of the Atticæ ,.
Blow Exo '% u% μ £ Augustus prolific Exc% αρ® τ μ £ £ V% veia ;.
dyd \% φόio;% the first year of the fifth cycle metonic when would be μετάμ.
: I20; single day. Alexander was born August vu, Julia periods.
næ 4; 58, Matt cycle of the sun, moon VII, the eighth day of the festival G.
lympico, in which the horse has won the Olympic Games fingulari Philip, but being absent am: LE. C ;.
ontonos xi 3 594 years, of which Zygon 6. 13. 35, September XXVIII.
ncq; Entering Viz, who says Alexander τί άατη Θλεχλιλό.
demand, born of the same obiisseztoixiX. [2.xi. Qu9d of Plutarch.
Aöoy Macedonia, said that the fee. Μάαβια% Atticus, nothing else.
than the solemnities of the sins in the fullest detail of. Alexander died of natural causes, that is.
Newspapers to its soccer reported by Plutarch Atqai8 ti 7; im.
τελέωύες year period of time for the Olympics, 73 refpondet.
April 18, Wednesday, cyclo Sunday XXIII, Luna 2, in PE.
Rio Atticæ 3 5, Exc.4) 6oAuόG) deals * £ z d'ékoz, Krion or twenty.
if the world 36 27, whose Zygon September 5, 13. 4 'Matt. Arria.
