 Either contrary, if it was a custom x 1.
Id. I was xx 1 menfis, but in the XX. So the merit of the others.
dispute. But the problem takes Macrobius that of Saturn.
, he writes thus: In the day that our ancestors Saturmalia vmofiniebamtur, who was,.
the fourteenth day of January. Sedpostquam C. Ce / AR to D.
7memß added two day fextodecimo taken place. Therefore, Solen.
Cæfar inhibits tempted defend properties. Sedexplendo cauos menfes made ,.
universal characteristic that the solenneanteaerat, for example, fourteen Kal.posteaessetxvi Kal.fi.
Indeed menacing and TI were two days, or fifteen, if English. This means Caefar Au.
the taste was born IX kal.Oétob. Suetonius calendar Colotiana Saxon.
Narbonenfi, but only in the form of Juliana. Meanwhile, in the form of Vetera, viii kal.Itaquc.
monte in the fragment of the Trinity under the Roman Kalendarii essosso.
c rcgioncD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 441.
From the regionc xx September 1 V is set: 1000 F e c s c l Reason.
Qy O 500 1 500 1 e s s c £ 1 1000 grams * A A A 50 N at 1 s e s T. Ergo fecun.
While the ancient Roman Augustus year old V 1 1 1 Kal. & tob.
This form immediately arripucrunt oricntalium countries Antioch ,.
Hagarens and other neighboring nations. Antioch is the first of C.
Julian years and TOBRIS confusion Laodiceni AB January.
{Anuarij Julian, except from March thereby. that it is not abhorrct from the truth.
But here too, the smoke and the start of Lunar menfium Samari.
tani, and this is from the year of confusion, as will be seen in place of fuo, day of the week fexta.
Indian yourselves from the first of January in Julian for the sixth condition. For.
there seem to exorfi menfes Lunar care of the payments. And indeed am.
Enius oldest authority Iofephus the books dλάσεως a manner mcnfi.
Julian Syromacedonicis the bus. The distribution of days in the menfe.
They smoke book 4. but from the Merkedonio, or Merkedino unto them that sold.
that dclibauimus, the same is fufius clear up, I mean who, unto them that sold long ago.
merccdcs exolere discontinued Replace menfi name. Julius, however, Caefare them.
period while merccdcs exigcbantur, and of others who, according to Festus ,.
Merkedini were accounted for three menfes erogauit, six are in the Fifth :.
, in September the name of the four, three against those of November, that were all amazed, insomuch that is sealed.
1000 E R K Colotiana are on the calendar. His days he passed were facri. Tertul.
lianus in idolatry $ tint some of the functions which among others.
Honors for a title, the reward, the eyes of others was due to expunge the. Now% ,.
100 say you will receive or pay someone else. If this moremfibi £.
mines de / perstitione confecrauerunt you outside the absurdity.
are participating in what is sacrificed to idols / Olennius, which you / to you, too, preßriptum takes place.
day, the less that you owe or will owe the human side of the day.
; on / eruationem penalty or reward? Give to the form in which he wishes to be done for you.
When. There is no chance of greater eminence belongs to these Mcrkcdinos, or Merkcdonios.
Day explained.
] 500 E A N N IS 100 500 100 AE AE S A R 1 St.
(Interferon tusest Caefare `E, F v, and Antonio c o s s..
n. • It was fruitful year, Julian, also testified Cen.
'1 500 Forino. The cycle of the Sun that year, he was, therefore, charaeter xxii ,.
Munday XT. Some of the Doctor not only of how the language.
, Virgil örég9To ^ Ojai contribute Caefare year strike at 7 O 3 against.
Nassara. Defeétionem that the solar compared to 28 Pa.
| already there is a refpondet since May 28. There was, therefore, a cycle of Lu.
} To bear fourteenth, was Saturday, as is clearly evident from the epoch Nabonassari. IGI.
 Cæfar interfeetor be the first Julian year. That had to.
'| indeed, he was horrified by the presence of trespasses, so that ccnfent, Judges.
         For.
1-'4 3 2 1 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 G E R 1.
.
l.
For x 1 1 1 1 The first year of the cycle of the moon Julian Caefare guar A.
Then Confuli. Interfeetor however, the Fe V Confuli, Antonio.
colleague, the cycle of the moon XT. See how mistakes are a learned man, where man.
esophagus and service, and charaóterem do not align. In addition, if allowed.
cxa9 / hts% wg dx2% λχάός and movements are Confuli ourselves with.
stanter deny any help defeétionem solar system that year, when.
V x 1 cycle of the moon, not so much fequenti. Vcrfus Virgiliani, ex.
uibus this defeétionem clown, they are :.
He also extinéto mißratus Cae / are Rome ,.
When the head obßura mitidum gloom ,.
Godless age feared / breeders night.
We, as we use these verfibus settle any of the Sun Eclipfi be designated refuse it. PO B.
prodigiofa decision means that, on the Sun with an accident.
no known Cæfaris. Pliny reports that prodigiofum year.
Sunday was a pale color quickly, and some quasi its lack perpc.
thy name: I have not been silent, Tibullus :.
IP / AM is $ def he sun and saw nm light.
To join the women pale clouded amnus horses. .
Nor can we as Ovid relates, lib. XT. Metamorphofeon :.
 $ Oli, too sad.
Yellow / ter forth upon the earth.
Anthony commissioners in a letter to HyrcanumEthnarcham Jews.
with Iofephus. 438. d \ d. £; DR & egφ $ ίλιον a doxàpóp, δς έαντὸς ἀσές 100.
£ 7réide% £ 7ti Kouo / μῦθς. Cedrenus the V 1 1 year Iustiniani. EV R & Long.
τόχ €% 6% ^ ιος ἀστες ήσελήνη χαe); dxriyov τιω αίγλω άνγιαὰ ἀτωζ.
