defignatur with the vicefimum feptimum year fuiffe the world.
VipfanijAgrippæ broad M. and L. Caninij of a rooster. This match itself.
Heaven is given in the ninth year Julian. There was, then, the cycle of the moon.
third. But it is false, interfuiffe six years after taking Hierosolym.
mis à by Pompey, and for the same purpose from the Sosius taken by assault. For the more than one year ,.
When vicefimum feptimum year for vigintifex years, said that with.
Gregory Turonenfis against radiation vicefimum the sixth year ,.
for the person who VICEF fept was. The year when Jerusalem.
Rum Pompey in the period from 46 51. Julian Rurfus year standing.
HierosolymorumaSofio4677. The difference, of the year xxvi of a solid, it is not.
Matt anyhow, so it decided Iofephus. There was a period of 1 year xx quarter.
AC contraets, the ordinary of the common. Tifrum XXVII September, weekday.
v cycloSolis 2. charaétereThamuz in connection with which, indeed, with the day of the week.
gives the condition will take up the fifth. Therefore, XVII it was the sabbath day, as I was willing to DioSed what to do.
period of our liking, more, than the example for the Iofephus illustres.
{ANE and the end of a crime can not be passed? It is of importance, therefore, that as the best instructor.
the mouse's Nicholas Damascene, CA, what happened to the Jews Sec.
their ethnarch Hyrcanus; initioimperij of Antiochus, crafty clerk Boethius, who aidje ,.
Diet is. Antiochus obfedit Hyrkanian the bottom of the first year.
His fàcerdotij. Then, after the league icitcum oklwomyiaw. Hyrcanus.
fecutus of King Antiochus in the campaign against the Parthians. Perhaps in.
The Jewish feast cut, the service is unmatched obicéta march.
ID: went to the king: I quit it contends, do not codie expcditiofuscipiatur, or he comes out.
crime: that the father's festoaliquid fibihominiIudaeonon be allowed to do this, either.
FUSCIPES way. Jews have iojä; aisxd NUI @ ις, ἀ ἀδοσύσις ἐina ;.
Obtaining a regent. Damascene: τεστω δ Siga, Ariiox® 'ix ?.
Aug. x 6% μά, δαίτας Id% w τὸ IIa33a, $ egmyòv, ajter IUA Iuie%.
J, \ w © mgnaJ§ £ 1% Iegaie, o * ness ioju »rat: Oy, and we Jedaiah%.
Gex, vópuuov i} 4% O /. We deem that a continuous, Behold, two, or at least two reasons.
I have held a day of our holiday, for the sake of which man is withheld from the work. Iofephus in.
tcrprctansIo8 1 o s e p h e r 1 1 1 s c a l.
/.
terpretans Damascene fubiicit: @@ μὰ & φάσέ) ^ £ yoy. S & M, E A.
J RWW »£ íoí g Caßßa% '%. The two then feast day, and Saturday.
Pentecost. The six Sivyan radiation Pentecost. But if Pentecost.
fecutus estSabbatum, that is, the fiquintaSivvanfuit It is a sabbath, therefore, neo.
meniaSivvan was feriatertia. Now track of time. Hyr.
canusannoprimo facerdotij obfeffus I was the king addressed immediately.
caedempatris Simon. The Simon interfeetor was menfe month or.
no contraets 177 AnnoSabbatico. 177 Antiochus the year.
nuserat Sabbatic 36 2 6. In today's Jewish year will be.
ing 178, Antiochus a pact with the solemn awlwo / m) {ας.Sc.
quentiaestate, as we have said, an end in the Sivvan to the Monday falls on the third letter.
Let us see whether nostrahocpromittat period. The year 178 BC contraets
to 6 stages tifrum, August 31, weekday or 3. Was embolimæus year.
dinars. The laterculocharacterifmi menfium to hit in the third.
neomeniaSivvan. It was propofitum. J / nq) o4oeia modern Jewish.
cahoc can no poffet years after Christ, for a period of one hip.
parchea a Seleucid epoch has passed, and the moon in the future.
Cnif terms with solid play one day. Why do I need this is to be the majority of pc.
Rio recommend? Le can now be safely and successfully or all of.
baeorum to be less epochas day, and the real question is, if carefully MCth.
While our hands, and the new moon tifrum for adjournment.
scruauerit.
500 E P E R N A L P 1 1 O O H 500 100 H I.
T e v e r O N A L O R lvnaris
1 P A R C HVS, which dδο &} α φλαλ% 9g Ptolemy and Pliny.
Consiliorum of nature, partaker of his call, do not solummulta be rectified with.
dauit the motions of heavenly intervention, but ctiamex Chaldaie.
obferuationem & Calippicis into account when true and mcdiisfyzygiis.
after the first of the Greeks discovered μίαίων running iiitra orbit.
four periodosCalippicas possible. The reason why they easily found it was, with him, do so.
menfes Calippici time to vfu effet. Obfèruauit and it often happens.
Moon two trientibus we tartar fue former Callippus neome D.
Penychen trained. But, he lived and flourished even after two hundred years.
Calippus. And so if the c years uilas iaoiae; two-third of it.
solct in a c c then we will become one shilling. The four period ca.
lippicae OOCI 1 1 years to develop. Why did fit within that period.
four pcriodorum j% ^% comes from, how it will be resolucndum.
titatcm time for many fyzygias how constant sixteen Cycle & ma \ Jasmi.
EXA, who constitute the four pcriodos Calippicas. Four stages.
• Calip from 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 129.
36. A Calippicæ whom the dics are the chronicles of his reign, one of the less, in the fidistribucris.
376o fyzygias forging a single fyzygia # .Quæfunt 29 days, præterdies.
29, 31. 51. scrupuladieiplufquam "42." 7 "that is, short 12. 44. 41.".
6. "The cycle will be Hipparchi days' 6939 ;;. Comparationc.
So cyclorum sixteen Melon, Callippus & Hipparchi fact, there MA.
