
instead. That inftrumentum nobiliffimum, and Prifcorum ho.
mi-num obferuationem by far the fubtilitate vinccns, Himself, in the Comitium.
Athens dicauit as teftis cli prifci fcriptum Philochorus before.
Aristophanis interpreter to give thanks to $ w inflar fig / o7ro7ie Pherecydis that.
Scyro the fillet in the country dedicated sua growth together. It appears, therefore, do not fo.
lum a folftitio head Enneadecaeteridis fuse deduxiffe fed Ct.
had already by that time, in which the Heliotropium fuum dicauit. The same thing.
Scholiaftes Aristophanis affentitur is Philochorus out lie.
liotropij arranged, but by the time indicated. Philochorus, for example.
Ñ ​​cenfebat Metonem the Pythodorum archontis Hesperostipa.
pofuiffe. And He, after He hath Pythodoros magiftratus, or fàltcm in the magiftra.
thou himself are, and not either before magiftratus, to dispose it contends. Vcrb.
Melon critics of this are: σέ φλχος 6%. & KoAor? £ $.
τωτό & ῶ λ £} y ou% J% / 29% 3λς ἀ τgò IIv3od / λιοτ; στίον ἐν τῆ γuò.
λεγομὰ êxxXnoig, τέός τι} teixo, τ) E / τὰ Ayvxi. Read: \ y Aiye ,.
3äij and 'A %% t σε% thanks IIv3οσωggv. • cli course true ';.
 G 2 Ul »o s e p h 1 6 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
magiftratus under Apfeudis it Hesperostipa dedicaffè and folftitium A.
obfèruaife 27 Iune, And in the days of; 6 The first month fequentis Heca.
tombaeonis Tetraeterici. And yet in magiftratus Apfeu.
des: with whom, in fequentianno fucceffit Pythodorus. So little ABCFS ,.
and why a aSolftitio cycle fuum incepiffe, and the region of the temples, too, Python.
dori Hesperostipa ftatuiffe we ​​believe the best fcriptore auetoritas.
I moved. However, the Solftitio doubt that when auetorem wealthy.
auieno hold fest? who, after He hath cos verficulos that we indicated.
Before knitted and conducts fubiicit, speaking on Harpalo :.
Decemmia again, that the mumera long lengths.
Cecropeis said adding A4etom art ,.
Infèditque minds. Held the Gracia / vegetables.
Protimus, and then I found out MJ / it in ammo.
$ Reap the opening of the first edition / amp / IT from the year ,.
Phoebus with roasted red / Idera Camerae :.
The belts carry the main distance Orion ,.
When caruleo fiagraret $ irius afire.
A folftitio, then, and brought him to pole on nouilunia. Remotiffimum true God,.
ftatuit the largest setter of dog. Now, then, the beginning of conftat of dc pc.
Rio metonic. The time that is in the obferuare Metonc sol.
ftitij, and also detempore Solftitij to its epoch, we have the full.
Muenster, book 3, which said diferte Solftitium from Metonc & Eueter 100 ||.
Advise obferuata year Nabonaffàri 316, Phamenoth XXI morning.
Matt June in a match, seventh cycle of the moon, cyclo Sunday xxvi be.
Syria first, in the fourth Olympiad 86 varying, and prefer it to Athens.
Apfeude T. Verginio, conspicuous latter for cos s. He was not.
Attic pcriodi third year. Scirrhophorion 3 lulij. Therefore Ncomc.
inhibits Hccatombaeonis metonic oxjjo4oeuJG) teir, a DEXA. Died.
the twelfth country, and σέ τεύς A9fious Mar & Y O p AV dvie $ jòς ,.
dedoόασμάφ DL & dse9λογια ἐ3mxs tlw άνομοδύω άπασικοιςτη.
Elda, tlw 23X'u) Volume ap®® Xai u'wô; & A9fitu; aujo4o21) 0 7gio.
Xaudi \ xdt / ;. Accordingly ©> gχλιόό τόμῆ φδύοήφ obferuata sun.
ftitu a meton. & Proximo7 £ V% eiag Hecatombaeon Pythodo D.
mis entered magiftratus nine menfibus before the start of Bellus peloponn.
Fiacre. Thus, then, is the Epocha Metonic cycle, but not the Ix July.
so that folcbant vetuftiores: O & aua, nor a part of Cancer, as Cleoftratus, |.
Do not be surprised, therefore, the fate of poff, Columella, why do you say that, fe, aw.
And gave Mctone, folftitium mounts on the side of Cancer, as the other xάττα.
inoctauis parts of the fignorum fuorum, ftatucrc, with the rcsipfà with.
fated 1) E 1000 N 500 E ST. P O R T £ 1000 1000 V Li B. 2. > ;.
Rallied advice. Columella de Meton, why is he rather than.
Méton to believe it? The only Enneadecaeteridis metonic.
fcribit Cenforinus Besides the great famt of mind, several examples ME.
tonic, the river from which they are Meton Athenienßs vndeuiginti confiituit. him.
Enneadecaeteris that calls & INTERCALARY / eptits, in the well.
there are days in / out five thousand, four hundred and forty € 5. Legcn.
While, there are days on which the mind / momingenti and forty miles out.
Inam has flowed out of the ordinary marks error, thousands six days and c c c.
Deef to 13 x L. Note hundred. Since 594o the county.
prehenderct Enneadccaeteris metonic, it is altogether unlawful has done his best.
True enneadccaeteride agreed with the Moon, as demonstrated below.
Β ftrabitur. The epoch is maintained in XX v 1 1 June, easily embolifmorum.
fitus times of the facts. There is no moon Heca.
tombaeonis Solftitium anteuertebat. And so fecund, fifth ,.
oétauus, tenth, thirteenth, fextusdecimus the tenth oétauus.
embolimæi year there were more than 5 to give cenfeo and TI are noftra.
time. When the periodusipfà 694o dicbus præcifè explain.
, they were on the lunar XIX, menfes τςιακον $ íus29 the seven ;.
for four days, fcrupula no. Why them for four days.
abundantly, and four years had passed, too, Üãêfiusg9; fcilicet days.
3 5 5 as poftea see. The season of the moon, the lees.
While Metonem, 3 days is $ 54, or 3. Blow up the Heca.
100 tombaeonis metonic of July XT.