
There was a day of the week of March in the force, the fifteenth year, Tiberij, do the same xxv of March, there was no fé.
Syria force in xvil Tiberij. Why did all these things, there are a ridiculous thing. Who.
for in some way they have gone astray, it seemed, the suffering Christ vii Kal.Apri yourselves.
Us, Lunæxvi cycle, Sunday: In the Dionyfius Abbas gymnasts.
small mine, the Victor. For both of his birth, Ade.
the right to die, thirty years of absolute situation. This is the year of Christ.
xxxiv of the stature of fuse, wracked and they want to. If the union is to be added to the years of Christ.
Easter cycle method, and the year of Christ suffered fuse.
34 and hence cyclo luna xvi suffered. So the year of 7 Oi.
| Cineunte Iulianae period of 5413, the cycle of the moon XVII is still running in.
| ipfo their native country, dating Ecclesia of Rome in the time of Bede, for a year.
Passion 500 c Lxvi 11. This is, after Easter fequente ,.
668 year plan emotion ordinary 7oi year. In periods.
Lian 5414, the cycle of the moon is eighteen. But if you add fifteen to 668, and.
| you dismember the whole, in xix, you will have a cycle of the moon 18 For annocurrentem.
| If we add fifteen years to the passion of the Easter cycle method therefore.
Christ has suffered a cycle of Easter XVI. However, if the first year of antccedente.
Unleavened bread was a Friday, so this year; fecutus has recently ,.
, Who was so often the common, on the first day of the week of unleavened bread was not able to be several.
P VI. This is evidenced from ipfos year civil war. XLI was the fifth time.
Alexandria periods. Tifrixv September, the second day of the third.
fequentis of the year, too, on account of the new moons, and on the other side Tranflator & ipfam.
stand. It was a common year of the ordinary. Nifanius XI March, weekday.
Thursday. But if Christ has suffered Matt March, then sixteen Nifanius suffered.
But he evangelists fourteenth Nifanius step could. Therefore salt.
smoking Christ miles cycle, xx year of Emperor Tiberius ,.
c 1 1 1. The first is the three forms. Him.
UEM annó Paiua wanted Nicholls and Ecclefia Greek x Kalcnd.
 Aprif: • \.
:.
E p h o s s c a 1 1 564 50 1 G E R L
April. They grow. For that to happen fane the full moon that A. was not able to
In tartar xx 1 1 1 March, unless the cycle XVI. But contrary Monday. However.
confide Venerable Bede, who at the beginning of the year 7 1 Oh, Indiétio.
not to John, and said to have been in the index it, so it is written in the Paschal candle, birthday,,.
Of: a p a s s o n e 1 1 500 1000 O N O N T E R 1 1 sv C H R 1 s t 1.
SOLSTICE's vu t 500 c LXVm. For many years, but obviously wants.
iisse. And so, in this way, fequenti passover, or, from where it was required to you to begin.
Passion of the year, it was the ninth year fexcentefimus nonagefimus.
iniens. So Christ has suffered in this way would have a cycle XV not XT 1.
except that they had said was his inexperience have us think, for eight years, there are fèxcenti fexaginta ,.
on behalf of, the year is not fexcentefimus fexagefimus oétauus, which abufe.
Even in good auetorem speaking, Plutarch and others found that B.
mouse. Hence, you see that it had assembled among them, for the old generals. which is at any rate.
the system runs, but only one man Eufebius Christians.
In his letters worldly æui current among those who really you and four years.
Olympiadis miles stamps and darkening of the Phlegonte Sunday.
betrayal of the people, it is not that there is another from her, than at the death of the Lord been denied.
Euangelistæ fèribunt. So it was empty iaétatio Tessarescaedecaeti.
in the chase, those who made a profession of the truth of the day, be on the pupil of Pilate of the Passion.
Sunday arrest he was from. d. 8 Kal.April. This is Matt ,.
Martij. Therefore, in whatever condition of March twenty fall into.
Easter celebrate. Of the Cappadocians, also Ecclefias the same day.
Matt radiation phase established. Other A & TA hall again be kept constant c.
Risser writes Ephiphanius, say that Christ suffered fifteen Kai. A.
Prilis, he that was with an astonishment, afininus. Do not we have determined to that all of the old er.
rata reccnfère, and reported that it is refuted, not suited that.
fuperfunt, we have presented. Nothing could be more modern on the same subject in di.
uerfia fententiis force is poorly hours locating. First of all.
John Lucid, a man skilled in these matters reason.
Christ suffered the cycle of the moon, xv, 11 in the fourth Olympiad c ,.
2 Dionyfiano age fuse in his work. Onufrius who disregarded our ,.
In the same year eiufdem allows Olympiad step down, but in St.
Isa community Dionyfiano.Quod one understands? So then instructs.
 / •.
monstrationem house. August Confulatu xm wishes to the birth of Christ; to this prayer.
This is, in December of that year, when she wore Confulatum XIII Au.
the flavor of the twenty years of December 44 Julian cycle XIX, and instead.
jnde adds that when she / imts /? a twin-com / ilat through.
Recurrent back thirty years ago, we find Ic / um chrift crimes.
Julian was at the end of the year, the General Ce / ar Aug. xiii O M.
Plautus $ ilua Confales been alarm was founded in the year 500 50 2 c.
Empire CE / viäoriam Attiacam be Augustus after thirty Olympiad.
* £ 5 from the QD} ^ E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li B. 6. 56 ;.
Avero Cx C 1 v third year. I am in the middle displayed, and Le or so.
perceived and learned πολυς OE / xoTtirq) Give smelled like a man.
Dionyfiani vice compiiti today, but that is not true epoch.
