 Ido.
Locate in the fertile days are the head of the year, and the third, the fifth, feptimum day of the week. Reli.
wild animals be called, that is, dd) OAU $ íuíeg. Day that matter.
Head scout suitable for year, said VAP K E way out / your terms.
less, in the neck and figaturcaput year. Why though the weekday.
nouilunij be suited to K out of the way. And so fequentes or third.
day dissunditur-it is called άπάθεσις, έ άζασις. Enthusiasm.
the day called ùzrágáx% Epiphanio, the xax 'ajofiray. It.
, however, στάσις, fine, so that some of the Hebrews Computatores talking about this, nni du C.
He is simple: Moony flue isegoux) and πολκτική. Agg9opaz) comes through.
nouilunia A0 »and old, whenever it arrives at the nouilunia 18 hours :.
what do you think is the sun in the West, definunt in the afternoon, the wine.
do you think that define the rise of the sun. But the hour is to astronomers.
feptimi from the south, it is the first civil Jews out of the West. Therefore, 18.
definunt hours in the afternoon. Accordingly flue in the east and in the flue.
definant afternoon, both the foreign moon instituendæ II.
litigation nations, which begin the day, and no you. Civilis, a man tranflatio is for Israel.
two week sake of continuity, which fit alongside impairment.
In tifrum to teach the old masters. Because of these σεςάσάς.
it happened that year, is now larger, now smaller than regular. Therefore, now AGD D.
And oh ;, now d4aigeoi; becomes. The year is divided into two femestria. But since.
including the interval from the Nifanius femestre to the tifrum, it has two of the most noble of fo.
Lemhi, Easter and Pentecost, also recently oxlwoTW) {do best.
sactu fèmestri 33augíαζς & τςοόότάς in him to make such decision, where it may.
We deem that did not occur to me. Marcheschvvan and then Cafleu deleet in.
in which things are done. Marcheschvvan is menfis cauus, Cafleu pie.
that. Therefore aego & oh; comes to pass, Marcheschvvan from a hollow piece of him fully, with the.
αφαjgaai, DE E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li b. v 2. 443.
Ad® "ρεσις, Cafleu is full of cauus. Hence the three genusan.
if an ordinary, cauus, fine defeétiuus, full or overflowing. Just.
The year is called flue regular nTP2 nag, άιαῖδς κατ 'αὐλεγον year.
The competent authority is balanced, regular. Defeétiuus year, npn ryj, I%.
ίλτάς year shortcomings, cauus. Full year up '; T nay, and yw / ios EXG.
xAn29 ;, year solid, full of plenty. And these are the chief men of li.
fingulariis of other such things to fit men. This is No. 1. The year is out.
feétiuus has three days above the 35o. > I have. the ordinary has not the means.
four days supra; 5o.v is n. Abounds with five diesfupra.
3 5o. I mean in general. In fact, the slaughter of the marks of an accident, too.
pdunt embolimæo year, but above the 38 ° day. The Greeks noted.
ἐαιςεσιμαγες mouse was years ago. Thus, the first fpeciem of the year IudaiciGræ.
ce we call i% i% from £ saiujoy, fiuc x g), second σμαλά% ,.
a third zêvíóy%. .
A common 4nmus H & C H A S C A 500 A) Year of common ring.
by means of the seven leaves three days I will, if it becomes negative; four, if zquabi.
litigation; five, if it spreads, I expofuimus. Thus conceived, 3 53.
54, 355. 3,.
A a c h a s h o z) for the seven year embolimæus diuifa dot.
five dies defect, sex equable, feptem abundant. So with.
cipiuntor: 383. 384. 385. When it comes to the quality of the of the year inuestigandam.
cduo defidercntur, beforehand, whether it becomes common to, or embolimæus: at a height.
Rum whether defeétiuus, whether regular or allow the ancients FA.
tisfaciet cycle of the moon, the new moon to another, arguing propofitus with FE.
quenza prepared. For example, Jewish year will be 5; 56 do.
And there ran almost up to the goals. Blow Tifie 1 to 2. 2. 7 oh oh. And whether it is.
less xvil cycle, and consequently embolimæus, moon near tifrum.
A.: 1. 2 O 9, which is transferred to the second condition, as we see later.
biennial. I want to know the nature of this year 53 56 runs. Proposal.
I make for her a new moon, that is to say, ever distracted, with the fair of a new moon be.
applied when they were born. The interval strikes fimilem condition ,.
Funt v11. It is through this year praefentia Canon has plenty!.
pdierum vtiquc 385 Marcheschvvan πακοάμεω a fine pie.
Art. In the same way the others. .
To V in all animis) on 1, 4, force, so we are p% p £ j.
that is, dd) O: grandfather was the head of the year and false religions. Hocsignifica.
fingulariis be those letters nx, the first, fourth, fexta. Why, if menfis.
Tifrum begins on the first four menfis for Saturday and x v.
oxlwoTwy% of customary%. Keep the two will be continued. that is.
run. If menfis fexta begins on the fifteenth of the man.
wJwoTV) {α. Here again, keep the two continued. Finally, if it starts.
 HHH 4 quarta644 's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.


Wednesday, the tenth fexta Friday, Saturday and fequens. A. Again
The two keep a continuous Kippurim and an ordinary Saturday.
Keep two continuous ipfis called PTA nag un duo CA% from awsxii%.
Since this law was devised by the Jews (who introduced the first time.
m Seleucid) had one tifrum reason that nearly all.
solennitatibus escaped capture. After two continuous Keep impairment.
