
 tilcmD from E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. I. 1%.
A tilcm & pucrilem that Sunday quantitative reasoning driving to the moon.
They did this, and cumvtriufquc Fideris demand of motion is still no arrest ,.
Solares arguments Monday from the comparison even more. And so, so much.
cenfuerunt Sunday quantity in an fummam day period.
We periods diftributæ relinqucbant. Metonis is a period of days.
694o. Diuifa the age of 19 years the amount of leave me alone.
365 days' furious fcrup. release 1 5; Callippus pcriodus days.
59 through 76 years, 277 years diuifa leave the Calippici Sa.
of the hearth of days, 365;. what is the year nofter Digest. Other Pcriodus.
Parchi of days equal to 1 1 Io3 5, 3 years old oh 4. But those neglectus 4 ,.
So, part of a day is subtracted from the quantity of the years of Calippici trecentefimi
Blart, as is done, and the year of the solar Hipparchcus the chronicles of the 365. hor. 5. ;;?.
1 5. "Dctraétis quarter hour. Oh. 4. 44." ; which was the fen.
Ptolomees decision. So whether the fententia Hipparchus and Ptolemy.
less figuratively cli year Digest or Calippicus nineteenth match.
c difference cnneadecaeteridis Moon, and Julian was reduced Who.
The year is true, Rabbi Adam dc more elsewhere. Philolai Pythagoreans MA.
amb year 5o 21 days 5 through 59 years diuifa conftituit no.
While Solarcm days magnusdierum 21 5 57 365 OENOPIDES year.
Likewise, in the 59 years since diuifa datmodum anniSolarisdierum 3 6 5.
dierumduum the twenty vndefexagefima. Harpalioétaeteride through.
8 years diuifàremanct mode anniSolaris 365 days; .Annusma.
100 5o 299 days amb Democritus, for 82 years diuifa relinquitan.
numSolarcm 365 days, with a fourth and ccntefima fexagefimo.
a quarter of a day. Did not so regard, finally, no one of the old system.
ends Sunday at the Moon exact cffet. The quotiefcunque of certain col.
le & lation of the chronicles of the vtriufq5 reasonableness of the faith will be congruent with, those days shall be by means of so many.
diuifa years, how many ex conftitui could be summa days, there are vifi.
To define the degree of certainty of their anniSolaris poffe. The wiser, however ,.
although he will incomprehenfibilem that exiftimarét, I call on behalf of the truth that is.
they are thought to have embraced the next day treccntos fexaginta five.
with the quadrant, then the mode of the year of Julian, who cft. to whom fingulis quadrien.
One dies accrcfcit demand of money. but this year, compared Aegy.
500 cft Magick alone comparison Tropicieftaequabilis. The major.
there is a real reason fcrup year. 2 hours. 6. "4o." productive.
Gclalaeam form, either: 1. 48. "FERC as Alfonfini possible. Do not.
Prutenica the first tables, which a lot of the Greeke names, the movement of the things that conftituunt.
Aequin and the sun is equal to 365 days' Sex ratio. 5. 49. 1 5. "46.".
And so, on this side, a number of kinds of the year, the Sun's nafci poffunt. Smooth.
Us, for example, Julian. Tropics, for example Perfarum Gelalæus. Again tropics.
, or the equable, or forgive you, Aequabilis the tropics, and the amount of.
 R 3 Tropi.
\ O s e p h l8 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
Tropical cft, the parties, that is mcnfes and equal civil, that is, A.
of whom I spoke just now, Gelalaeus. Defcriptam is equal to menfibus.
the bus, omnibustricenumdierum with epagomenis appendices of the.
In general there are five years in embolimaeo sex. Knoweth Tro.
A woodpecker, the parts of which the zodiac is fegmenta been granted to funt.Rurfus unnatural.
The year is divided and Sunday along a civic and forgive you can serve. A civil ,.
so that Julian was of the Romans, Syrogræcorum, of the Greeks Elkupti. Heave.
ftis as Dionyfianus Ptolemœi Philadelphia. for saying it quoquequa.
drantem four-star exaóto houses. The end of truth.
Every period is equal to that head back, and runs on the same principal.
pious and ἐποχω Greeks call that has gone to Peffer tan.
give, I do not fèruata of the truth of the year of the Tropic of menfura. Since the year Julian B.
preserve could be broken through, manifefta is the first of January, from 1 V 1 1.
on the part of Capricorn, in which the ftatuerat them unto Cæsar, the first in the vicefimum.
in Enneads acquittances of ejse hodie.Sed they would have found almost every historical epoch.
caetcride feruari can serve. For enneadccaeteris Tropica is moving with greater velocity.
Plufquam lunar hours of those two tribes. Enneadecaeteris against Julian.
Moon Moment bigger and fcrup. plufquam 2 to 6. When failures.
both kinds of reason, Tropics & Juliana, and the moon, of which the types of mediæfunt.
between those two, can not be to protect the ends of the fuse are clear: If only cycloDiony.
fj; Pafchali occurred to him, of whom neither the reasons for the enneadecaeteridaLuna.
no collections are the matter, the movement of the caftigatis nequecpocha DESTROY: but his.
the form of the whole, rather than a merely Calippica. such a degree that his ftatum pofttrecentos C.
4.Anno vary neceffe fit.Quare epochas may be less feruarentilliveteres ,.
immanesperiodos considering what kind of Callippus, Philolaos, De.
mocriti, OENOPIDES. There are also periods which omnemmodum immemorial.
together. And when all those worlds best years.
vtriufque principles have tamennefcio that trusting them.
inceffebat opinion, it is not alone vtriufque of the Faith, but even of all.
CIA / Woj Xaoxatdsaaiy it around it. So Harpalus of labor and Pu.
sua en masse Octacteride all αία% λας & δυσάς in the world.
