 EvxX}; Mayayo} ".
A ιμ & οίφ άγραμματ and out, Mary% © AD exarn * aegv% € ίας. Muny.
Chion ifte, it is menfis Agv% / € ίας that the words dccreti expreffes protector.
He was Calippicus, with the Moon, bread and Macedonia. AMAC.
donibusenimfuba & ti Athenicnfes year Corus As to a ridge accident.
com are the pier. Since then vicefimo fexto Panemiperiodici eratvn.
the tenth of the mcnfis Conditions of the moon: Therefore, in the sixth deceive when they had got into a nouilunia.
mamPanemi. The small menfiumLunariumTetraeteridos Atticæ ,.
Munychion pcriodicus, which is the bread Macedonicus habctnouilu.
niumin fextadecima the ongoing Tetraeteridos in the Attic. Igituran.
p no ongoing Tctracteridisemiffum it is Pfephifma. Dcmonftretur.
from the ratio of the times, in the which is the conferring of the decree. Was there ,.
so that fcribit Iofephus, the year of the ninth, a facerdotij of Hyrcanus, quod ipse, the same thing.
Auetore, iniuerat first is the year 177. It was then anno714 ,.
Iphias till the time course of the 5 & proindedecimæ periods of Olympia.
JAY tricefimo. But, as we have said, is fallen into the Munychion a year.
{Ccundum Tetracteridis. There was, therefore, Tetracteris that Olympic ,.
no attic and propterca all pcriodus macedonica mcrces Olympia.
pica.
u'48 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G 50 1
a magpie, nor, nor the context of a change in situ. When the Tetraeteris attic A.
atertio begin in Tetraeteridis Olympics, as we diétumeft, fern.
Attic will be a fruitful year for the fourth Olympic and vice versa. Hence.
fcquitur general rule, all the Grecian Jews, or at least the greatest of them part of the ,.
unto them that sold τας άτεςθαλάσας ημάegς habuiffe in the same, that is in him.
menfe that fextus effect a tropical aeftiuo as to loqucbantur. When.
, however, the King of Macedonia Amyntas the son of Philip, Alexander, Ma.
-gni Father menfes metonic a period of Macedonian rccepiffet ,.
a period of from the day of his grace, to reach new heights in the orfi of the Macedonians, they are experts.
the bus keep faith with the start of the year to fall to feptuagefimo.
fertile periods of the Olympics, from the beginning fumptu Dæfio Macedonia ,.
flue Munychion Atticus as Melon, which Tetraeterico.Conuene B.
 •.
For themselves into a periodic and an end.
nal, which illiinftituerantSyromacedones.
In fact, he saw to achieve this end, but a beginning, which was the surname of her, I do not.
He saw. Menfes period when the old Macedonian Athens underway.
fubiecimus below.
O P E R 1 500 1000 A's 5 100 500 e o n v M.
A 50 N 500 E 10 A A A 5 T E R N A 1000 5 50 1 St.
[] A C T E N rallying integra phase Olympicavfifunt: give.
{ "Syromacedonum another hive in favor of Alexander conftitucrunt ,.
 "I Ipfe, vtiamànobisindicatumeft, nonvidit when it is unfair D.
Iphiteum 465. Callippus of Cyzicus and embark on the year in the fall after the same, that they were already doing.
We had aussimus ^ ιαμές ό όσε% in the nine αιςίσάς O & taeteridibus and.
fcmiffe, that is inxix Tetraeteridibusfieri animaduertiffet, in the year 445.
Iphitco discovered moons are fitted cumSole company in epoch.
veteren Olympiad, that is, the x July 1, fexagefimo quintope year.
Rio Olympics, vicefimo feptimo period Atticæ. There has been a Abiur.
Daic of the year 543 o.cuius charaótcr 6.13.217. Monday fextus, cycloSolis XT ,.
Metonic, and the real Nifanius years of Jewish [MENSESTMTENSES.
7, 21. 68. 3437. The charaeter first week | *** "[***" * ".
MA, March vicefimum fextus, the cycle of the moon the first £ * • |:; ::;:.
Mo, Sunday 2 2 year period with Julian 439o. The [° [****.
Hyperberetaeus fequentis Olympiad 114 [£ * ** [T..
He began on July 24, then other people, precedes [* 7tvofJway.
tooth pane agreed on 2 March 6, she |;:. |:;?..
is a period, as called for by Philip [jwig. i «& wgow.
himself are death of Philip, who, however, his beginning, does not go. £ ?.
he saw it, that neither by his son reigned in his Alexanderautum [ »rvâg. Ἀ. | C.
ILunæD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. I. V 1000 50 1 49 '.
A Luna 13. Iulijnona. IgiturftatuitHccatombæonemtam periodically.
flue Tetractericum than sixty lunar July and waned old.
Olympiadic happened, and Atticæ period. Nampro fexagefimofexto be.
Rio sixth Olympiadic and vigefimo oétauo Attic year.
inftituit periods fuse. In this way the reftituit prifci epoch.
Olympicamneomeniam Of the Moon: on the one side but not on that account exorfus.
cit pcriodum, Pyanepfione fed a neighbor who starts seventh Octobris.
for the sake of the battle at Arbela, that is in the same time, is fallen: and by that name.
periodumfuam Alexandreamvocauit. The fact is verifimile ipfum.
nontacuiffe, quasi divine intervention Monday aÜiodoy epoch in ancient Olympia.
topic incurriffc co year when it Alexander conquered. That.
B enimab autumn caminftituerit tells us that Ptolemy. Now with.
Eclipfis obferuare the moon, Solcin Virgin placed in annoquinqua.
gefimo fourth fruitful period Calippicæ. The plumage is menfes the lees of the other is.
obferuata, quinquagefimo fifth year of the Sun Pifc see. En.
change the year of Our Lady of the tibia. Quinquagefi again the same year.
moquinto, and the third was made in the Virgin Eclipfis. A Pifcibus to a Virgin.
is made of the year does not change. It then starts a Solftitio. A Virgin.
there is a change to the Pifccs. From the autumn. The autema cyclo Lu.
Oehler x 1 1 1 Cloaths, so demonftrabitur. Eclipfis fell in the first three.
