 what we bring in Daniel Efdra and Nehemiah, Za =.
Chart & Haggaeus detected. "• •.
In the Kings / arum Daniel ,.
5Nehemia and 5 Afdra.
Cyrus. DANIEL. XI. 2.
Cambyfes. DANIEL. 1. x x.
Smerdis. DANIEL. 1. x x.
Darius Hystafpis. Daniel x 11 1 1. 1. 2. Efdra 5.
King. DANIEL. x 1. 2. Efdra 1 1 1 1. 6. Esther.
Artaxerxes μακ € 6% x6g. Efdra 1 1 1 i
Darius Nothus. Efdra 1. 24. v.
Artaxerxes δ μύμων. Efdra V 1 i Nehem. I
Of. .
 Darius Codomannus. Nehemiah 2 x 1 1 2.
It is therefore 500) to the Kings or rogue% in facris books and.
the same in Greece. Between Artaxeste productive and Darius vi.
In fact, there is only the Ochus Artaxestes crime before others mi.
manior all of this: one of them, I say, of which mention is made of the letters in the facris ;.
But the rest all the diferte be found in the book of Daniel, Efdra, Esther, Nehemiah ,.
7acharia, Haggaeus. Therefore, no room for them Assueris early, assure.
ns Babylonians, accustomed to the pious and the rest, as Plautus speaks of kings.
a beggar, who proceeds from the ossicinaChronologorum, praefertimex fomniis.
Lucius. \. Ddd 3 Annija.
.

s94 1 m s o s e p c a l G E R 1 1.
AnnijViterbienfis are published. He does not know the two recently Cyros A.
gave birth to us, and the other for killing the son of medje, and the other Cyrumillum.
Imagnis. However ci? \% D, v and .quas was fine equal to that monster.
a pair of two kings, and advanced Artaxerxescompofuerunt ,.
As it is placed is made of the throne of Cyrus, Ahasuerus said to king Artaxerxes, in the fubito. Id coin.
chin is pointed out by commas 6, 7, ch. 4 Efdra built in.
there he clearly let it be written, for the first time from the of Samaria, & the Syrians the men is born in the opustem.
pi interrupted. So knowledge, 4. Since, however, none the less of Zerubbabel.
he was now to continue the work, and made fun of the efforts of men of that country, accompanying thought.
the enemy of the Jews, they fled. Fubornarunt court that with the Jews.
Cyrus accuse. Why the interim cessation of work still mi.
Cyrus previously. 5. commas after Cyrus Cambyfen, Smerdim Grant B.
to reach out Hystafpis, whereas it belongs neither to be the fate of the contest, and among them from the imperial palace.
Accufari kings, to handing accufationi fubscripferunt, and the name of the Iu.
dæorumAhaschvvero, fiuc Oxyarae, hoccst, Xerxes quitunc first time.
to the imperial power had appeared, and into France. So knowledge, 6. At his death, according to.
Artaxesten, who is the accompaniment of fuccessit, again to the Jews, and to their proceresac.
cufarunt, commas 7.Vnde the return of the Jewish Temple and fun.
damentis Ia and tie for a fruitful year for killing a bastard, a break through.
1o7 years. But Chronologi what each statement? The Ahaschvvero.
fexti paragraphs and Artaxeste feptimi monster Bicorpor county.
pegerunt, Assucrum Artaxerxis: quonihil silly ones as well, unless beyond.
Geron rule-bodied as in the stories, and in facris letters BICORPORAL C.
we admit it. Cumigitur series of the kings of Perfidia by Cyrus the Great, to the.
Had overthrown Darius, Codomannus far as possible derive is made, on this side, it is allowed to.
a great interval of time, which is bounded by reditumHebraeorum exChaldæa ,.
And productive year for killing Bastard interest. The first or Nehemiah.
no vicefimo Arthasastha Memoris fefe long inuestigasse writes a book.
Genealogy of those who had returned with Zerubbabel him later.
fefe finally investigation long ago. How utterly classified ,.
P6A%) or more at a time from the return Hebrew Arthasastha me.
tranfisse manner. At the very least this is carried out is proved, that no one of those who have.
rcdierant, then was fuperstitem. Registered no such care.
Rum Inquifition the work would have been, if they, whose genealogies in the book of D.
and it was written they were, or their sons, we fuperfuissent, who were asked for better.
de suo they could to the genus of, and of which the testimony of maiorfi from within himself.
des, than that we could get the book. It is more certain is gathered from the Efdra, according to.
by Darius Illegitimate s iubeas libraries, & archiuo the trunks in the gods.
"Ligenter turned out that edietam year of redituIudæorum found. Of course.
This indicates that at all, had been standing edietam it existed.
the memory of them, even of men, who at that time viucbant, bought, vtpotc.

CUlI1 ?.
n ,.
v.DE E 1000 N 500 E A T. T O R V 1000 £ 1000 £ 51 B 6. 39 ;.
More Advertising with no one to bear witness to his fuperessent in the affairs of men. nor imme.
rito.Magnum for the interval of time from the decree of Cyrus, sent to Darius the Nothum. That.
if not in some other way, it is derived from the time of Ahasuerus, of, fine Oxya could believe that.
could not. Indeed, through the captivity, unto the upon Ahasuerus, γεας three more with less.
above the outlet from the book of Esther and Mordecai holiday has been established. Assure.
ro or Oxyari fuccedit by me. Arthasastha next apartment, Darius :.
as a minimum, three or four} μάαῦinterfint between the back and the starting points.
Killing her, whose ongoing work in the Temple continued. Why.
had confidence in him, a chasm, a long period of Chronologi better ,.
and that templicontinuationem propiustempora year adrnouerent ,.
the new kings of the rogue comminiscerentur. Here, too, for a long fč.
Eneétutem Iefus fümmiSacerdotis and zorobabel leader colligereli.
Nchemiae etc. irrefutable evidence. We have said as much as in between.
of Cyrus, sent to Darius the Nothum is done by the rampart: it is not known, nor, so far as.
bastard is made by Darius, with again, sent to Darius the far as possible. Nchemias Cyrus ,.
Darius last, only the leaders of the two sets, Zerobabel and.
himself shall cap.