
Mu Renathai holding / horse burnings barbarians. There was, however, this is im D.
Fala First City, which at the time was subdued subjects' ré're; o \ = 3.
"C3λιοςScy) \ O <**" ••• • 3% c) \ b o *> le bone.).
B) & • ** • "• A 5 * \ *} y'3 and" k) bone bone.
d) »= '] log. JyX. <S3 c. Now that fequuntur.Applicarumt to it.
From Gebal, Tarik (Mount Tarik.) Alcohol and Gebal Tarikideo that.
   TarikDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 6. δ:;.
A son Tarik Abdalla, son Wenemu Remathei after he crossed / ?.
When was the Barbarians, oh bulwark / £ /? inside this mountain, Sec.
It would be tedious it would be all things to attach to. He says he muniuisse this man.
tem, &, to prevent the barbarous people were in flight, and be deprived of the bare auxilij ,.
of your attention, so that all the ships, which they crossed, cremarentur.Quod fa.
And below them. Roderigo reads 100 §y) \ oh by the PA will not c) \> by Raph.
calls for Tarif. . Traieétum Tarik and Tarif said that this happened.
Hegira year 91, menfe of Ramadan. 500 c 50 air fed to the air.
500 c cxux. 7io year. For the Muharram 9 Nouemb.
In the year of Christ 7 O 9, was Saturday, cyclo @ 18. Blow Ramadi ,.
July 3, Thursday, 7 lo year. Not to be missed are so highly valued.
the history of the matter, no one becomes a angle of this side of the præfertim Danu with in Europe today.
This parable and the Rhine, to which it has reached that the pest thought quite differently. Will be presented.
Geography is no mention of the words Arab faétionis Maravvaniun. Expression.
, therefore, Studiofi, Abaz had been his uncle, in the Muhammedis, and in his stead.
genius and said people had been counted yet Abaziun. To them.
the right to Califatus business, on the blood of others who are near where it stands Muhammas.
den applied. However, some of the first Maravvan Califatum from it.
nation for the FE and the care that Maravvaniun been said, is deported by ts.
occupying or, if he is made an object of hatred in the name of all the Muhammedano.
nmen Maravvanin vfque to this day. Muharram the year x c.
Hegira began on November XIX, on the fruitful year o8 7 ,.
Sunday cycle xvii force of the moon. See how great they were, or who is in any other.
Christ whether it traieétum property. It happens all year.
7o9. This is big Sigeberht monks Gemblacenfis delusions ,.
who have reached 2 O 7 fubnotat, the Muslims from Africa, the leader Habdirama.
the son of Muhamae wonder at, in the Hissamiam have navigated, and which fell upon Vin.
alicant. So Wifigothorum Kingdom and the Swabians defruéfum, Sec.
Confounds the traieótum Saracens Hifpaniae with persons.
send an expedition to Aquitaine, when they are fuji Charles Mar
Teller. For the leader Abdirraman (g ** J> e) campaign is unfair.
DAquitaniam they have committed: Mufe, however, under the leadership of the son of Nutzirin Hifpaniarum ;.
Andalus had to call him there. I forgot that leader.
Amir flue Abirrachman calls, under which many thousands of Martel cæ.
pa This was the year of Christ stamps under 75 o mendofe when it existed.
2 5 7 less so forth. These have been the origins of History of Fat.
France, shedding light. Perfequentem reinforcements from other desert.
ancient writers, seek, then, that we have and the more expensive and gods.
ligentiores. , •.
REGES624 H o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
R e e s F O R R A N V 100 1000, conducted by QyoRvM.
N. Illinois 1 1 S G A B E G O R R E P 1 1 1 1 OP 100 S O N T E R N 5
s 1 s c o p r e H E 1000 N 500 vnt VR.
treatment. Hlodvvin first and Sidon Chlodio, profpera.
Chlodius5 the gross afpiratione from the Dialeéto of the ancients of the Franks.
write. Merouaeus. Hilderich, gross afpiratione. Hlodvvin.
fecund Cassiodore, Hlodovvæus Gregory Turonenfis., hlo.
dovvicus Remy, XÂ®d) oj® Agathiæ, Hilderic son Mero.
uaei rake Hlodvvin first, fine Hlodionis succeeding generations, Fara.
M A r am vN 500 vs: that the nomenfemper by F, not by means of Ph, to be written.
the world's grandson, the first Christian king of the Franks, a HloP.
Ariane Burgundy's daughter. This four sons: Hlotarius ,.
Aωτde /% ^ Agathiæ, Suessones King. Theudericus, Θεοσέωχθ •.
Agathiæ, Metenfium & Remi King. Hlodomir XA %% μjg®.
Agathiæ, Aurelian King. Hildcbertus, xe ^ @ όρεgr Agathiae ,.
Parfiorum King. Thcodebertus, Θωυρsgr @ Agathiæ Theodoric.
son Hlodovvaei nephew. Theudvvaldus, Θωδίραλόό Agathiæ ,.
Theodeberti son Thierry rake Hlodovvæi pronepos.Hlo.
tarij four sons: Hilperich a Fredegundis, Suessones King :.
Haribertus gross afpiratione, Parfiorum: Gunthchramnus Au.
relian: Sigebcrtus a Brunechildis, Metenfium. whose son, the.
Hildebertus.
IOSEPHlI o s e p h • 1 ,.
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
4 50 1 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
ABOUT.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 1000 V.
50 1 B E R T S E P 1 1000 5 St.
V O's age, for example, and when the stern.
the popular and the gift to him, have framed, four as a result.
sort the books we explained fequentes.
$ Interual of how excellent season.
| la plenty of reasons detecting years.
$ Annulled. What is now in the early years of civil war.
§é} bus poster invented desirable that some of them.
£ $ © § § 9. The method would forward it. She is me.
thodus from the Latin Co AVCN vs. 1000, by the Greeks J Qiau), ie $ § 3 fig.
Cελήνης ἐγdicitur, aIudæis unless> y yo, this is the mystery embolifmi.
