
R YY than Hebrew. thus camps or headquarters, or the Palace fu.
Jerusalem, however, the foundation has been set up through the tower Antony, Vo.
it became βάe / c. But here there is a mountain of Ararat, which he mentions Pliny lo.
co We have already talked produetus, the gods and then I think: not as if there any help from the castle, either.
The hall has been fed and have tremendous leaks, and in fublimis eduétæ the call.
be gale, £ g. Propertii Baridos & cont ra ro $ Liburnian fequi. The Baridos AR.
Egyptian ship, remember that Herodotus, Diodorus and others. So from the box ,.
fen Naveh Noah gods and sacrificed. However Ephiphanius A. Gap gods and then delivers other.
TZETZES acting in Verse politics and follow explains. For it is not the place ,.
When the Ark rested Juba, he writes, but as soon as Noah co grapevine.
profit. .
Ka) Σaiai% g] This piece of Diluuio matter and to unite with fuperioribus.
And then, because not only confentit with them, but also because the Bible is rarely Mu.
However, community names. For Kegig here for God, for the G & Σεῖατ% to.
AECI πάμ * η έτι λόα] goes Chaldeans, which Dodecaeteridum fuarum.
starting from Aries, they formed, and hence the beginning of a civil season.
the principle of energies and from the mense Artemifio, from which it is fruitful in bringing to define it too: so that to define it too is made.
he whom I shall Mofes has been rich in menfem calls, the tenth of the feptimum, these which this man is.
On the fifteenth, the flood have started from. However, on the of error, which many of the Jews.
from the beginning of the menfium diluuij a really a capture, and having made us a little afterwards, many fe.
to the skin of the smoke, so we condemn, which the fententiis of those who are menfes diluuij stays.
about how people think of summer, the old confuetudinem Jewish people.
In fact, they have gone away the old the Egyptians, the Hebrews are feptimo mense, whom feptimum.
Then, the menfem menfium be charged. I know, however, not the poor.
cos to be, with which the sun does not shine, and the rest at noon.
E Hx {$ τλ τί & Σιττwegia] & Sippara This is against us, or the region ,.
In the same author, however, is said to be the people of Abydos Σιστερητά τάλς with a certain woman, which was.
doubtless> STRQ out of. H 'τ £ λις% but not more than the game.
socerebellar Betfemes called the physician Vartomannus the same, that is, a house.
Sunday, as he warns, and it is true. Look again this Heliopolis Macro.
This parable, Saturnaliorum first cap. XX 1 1 i
£ in a copy of undiluted%] Hellenifmus, that is, μετΗ ts "? § * APY% av. The same class.
Things Varro of expression in the country once noted. The birds ,.
Sifithro emitted from the vessel, they do that with a dove and a colleague Noah dimiferunt.
; ' Not all the focal axis%, while facra story fitness store.
rather, they are the instruments of the flat part of the truth, destitute of means of spring to men, than.
naeuulus for them to be rejected, in which the truth in his native testified.
God chose. We can not deny us the pleasure of them.
fummam to catch up, do not be surprised at the hatred of good literature, in quibufdam of fate ,.
  qu1!.
N o r AE. 45.

I
in Greek and Latin writers have never lie to say defiisse. .
Θεοίμιν ἐς ἀθρόττον ἄγανίζεστ] The cine historical truth. For gods.
LEES OF WINE huuis fuperuixit of Noah, the three and a half.
Faelarr. Λων ἐλέφαλααα%]} Jerof as ς τ8; > Ττ'ἀπωσμές.
Ka)> veoiai TO] away with Iofia The commission does not Du.
their orbits, and are now above the other lands. But the place is calling for Migdol, it is not.
Megiddo, as scripture. which, I believe, neighbor were Migdol, and Magdala.
do, but because Magdalum time, because this battle is charged with a trial ,.
that those who fought at Gaugamela, is referred to in Arbela, because of the obscurity.
tie Gaugamela. . •.
Ey May x%] on the border of Egypt and the road that leads Palestina. Jeremias.
1 x 50 V, 14, Steve. May% w ®, τίλις Aiyj ***. E "Griot from £ αχτι. MA.
Geddes, however, mentions, is the place to him, & his wars, and unfortunately from the Iofia instructors.
FAE, Chapter 1 x 1, 1 1 where it is called the level of Megiddo, and the place where the fight.
committed Adadrimon. The apocalypfim is Harmageddon. .
Ka3v'ì,] There is no doubt that it can not ViP has been stated; and that it is, of which the men.
tion number xx 16..
«» T \ t.
Mer. § £ kxgijvx & άττα τε τέττι] to necoh Interferon as well have been in the fight.
Carcamo near the river. But it is false. Fufu, it was only his army.
quick, and yourfcif to flee. In fact, after the one to go out of the battle is said not to have been aufus.
the coasts of Egypt, the government of all things that Nabuchodonofor fuo fubiecisset, a Ni.
Io, the Euphrates. 1 1 Kg. xx 1 1 1 1, 7. But the cap. 1 x 50 V Jeremiah through.
he struck his, which is spoken of, it is not uncommon of the put to flight, but not to the CAEFS whole of his army.
said. •. .
They carry RZ / J} $ stool from $ y% ς τω αλχω] necoh eight years ago 1, Pfammis.
His son v 1, April XXV. 47 evacuated, and the highest well in the year 168 Nabonassari ,.
Amat seized when he writes Diodorus left for 1 year, 12 against.
niassari, first to. Therefore died in the year 137 Nabonassari the beginning.
Jehoiakim king of. However fufu is a Nabuchodonoforo place Carcamo ,.
In the fourth Jehoiakim. We must, therefore, adhered fault, Herodotus whether Dion.
dori. In fact, at least either of the blame for it. We remember that we are in another Prolegoma.
the ratio of these times of the end of a meal. However, this is very true. It is there that from the.
