
possessed sides. Also Law wine in the wine with the same Cato.
Wine and take it to Kai. January. first. If you have not previously received at home.
trying to drink less. From these we know that tartar O & obre].
In September IRomanum Julian January to December & B.
conueniffe. In A.v.c.D 61, mania succeeded, gained heart's.
nelio Sclpione Nafica consul s.defecit Sola.d.v eid Quintilanno period.
Iulian 4524, March 14, on vi.Exa.d.Eid.Quintad exitumanni, \.
c are the ninth since March 2 x 2 definunt be reckoned with Matt Augustus. .
Therefore fequens starts January twenty Augustus Iuliani.Rurfus annoA.v. :.
c. 500 Lxxxiii, L. Paul Aimilios 2, C. Licinio craffam c o s s. failed.
The moon on the sixth day of September, in the period Iulianae 4546, lunij.
xxi, the third day of the week. A pride. It is not. Sept the Romans, to the close of the year, a day is.
CXIIII who reckoned definunt on a xxi June 12 Octobris Julian. Er you.
Go old then began January x 1 1 1 September Julian. Times \.
Cicero, Julius improvement in his native aggreffus the end of the doubt 100 II.
January was the capital of the same, that is to say, about 13, or 14 October. I (;.
Re lib. 11 to Cicero writes: Cholesterol, brother, how are you. :.
€ 5, although it is winter, however, Sardinia to think. Writing:.
xv Kal. March. After he wrote the following letter of 3 Eid. MART. $ E, t.
ro, I said, we have come before winter contubermales would be his. If March is Ireland t.
January was the autumn. Attic writes after March below MA.
ri to us, uncertainty and running it is, the depth of winter mauigandum is. Here winter.
After the great March. In the same book:% Won to navigation by us, easy to be out of Italy.
issue, since the whole armor præfidiisque the winter season pre / himself. Sm.
pfit this fuperiorem behind it. Libro'fequentiait the soldiers inhiberna.
menfe conducted April. The book V, a Sextiliincipit believe that sold hot weather D.
nos. Tantointerualloabsuit finisanni of the Roman by the ancients, demanding person, harvesting of winter.
Lastly, I wrote to the same thing, from a. d. v 1 x 1 Kai. Jun. be the vernal equinox.
delayed effects is very stormy. Might appear to them.
before time was, of January-Julian Roman power in the Oétobrem incur.
riff. But words are added: 'Now we have to aquinoótium |.
staying is very stormy. That /? tomorrow. If only the same |.
Hortenßus stay, / indeed, still there. Liberal possible.
Write: 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 Li b. 2. 18>.
.
Ascribed:? Staying will present the equinox, which is very disorganized.
It was raised, $ i tomorrow, would that be the same. JHortenfio (/ iqui.
He was still the same), nothing can be more generous. Where in this writing.
Cicero, had began. Ides said. More fuiffe equinox. Ides.
The Maya had, however, at which time the intercalabatur, from the first day of January in the you fancy.
definunt after day 1 54. Matt Æquinoétium Julian March. Away.
Adiebus days 1, 54, 84, both from Kai. Matt January to March, better.
7 days were oh. quideduéti about 3 66 days annibifèxtilis (for CY.
cliSolaris XT 1 year, 1), leaving 296 days, that is the day 2; Eight.
bris. Therefore, when intercalabatur, Roman definebat the year 2.
Octobris Julian intercalation and the end of the first year was 1 3. Julia.
B is a fifth less by the fact that this writing Cicero. Confufio year.
Two years had 444 days of the end of Julian O 3 equal to 7 days from whom.
444 286 deduéti leave, the day 1; O & tob. Julian.
Why manner in the African END written that after January.
confeótum Pleiads fuiffe loyal and large hail.
ingruiffe. That is the example we adduâo said that, if.
CRA's e r it, this is the same cumeo Catulliano :.
For% /? shelves for copiests.
ßrinia run.
Also, when Virgilianum: Craffima /? rays of dawn rays.
And it is confirmed in the time of the interpretation of the place is wonderfully good friend.
100 (criptionibus. Data for the letter V 1 x 1 Id. Lunij. This is his mind.
Cicero. Sicris will stay the same wish. In other words, would that he had fudum is done ,.
quidemnunc like it. By the way, it was the years of the Roman state, that when Gaius Heaven.
far him by the hand, created further life: Who proceedeth not evil, in the lunar peffimum a Nu.
ma, or in some other such boors, and the peasant as will corrupted, and this, counter one intercalation, or.
to protect the ends of the care of the fine, however, was not able to. As it is not once he marveled at fim ,.
geographic the nations that the human race laws gave ,.
to establish for himself a piece of the ordained law of the year does not potuiffe. After that hgmi.
vfa is made as to whether the form of the memory of the years of ineptiœ no people on earth. If.
the vice Pontiffs intercalatio, evil, however, have not been native, it was easy.
times, from that year would be the observation of the Romans, to extend the & fast.
500 Since, therefore, by the things which are above the difputata, it may appear the first of January-£.
Cumin & tobremIulianum times nearly the conueniffe, surprised.
Yet Cicero writes a tyro menfe November, Ireland.
and unaccompanied by the fact temporetimere, and, therefore, to forbid the person to a tyro ,.
November mcnfe winter, nauigarc. What does this all kinds of takes place ;.
seek leave to them. .
* 4 Q I S E P Hi188.
   .
1 S o e p h i
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
1 5 1 50 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
ID E
