 He saw the cycle Metonis 11o hollows.
fyzygas effects. What for, as we have seen, the two are crogatæ fyzy.
gies, and four days, if it is done in four cycles, will be fyzygiae.
88o, 176o days. one full day in menfes redaéti and with 88o menfe.
buscompofiti do fyzygias 938, o.qui 2 days to twenty days C.
again to 44o, set hollows of menfes crogati they are giving,. Z, z, fi, after He hath, therefore, the conspirators.
Lunar & toties4 a particular time, be withdrawn one day there will be 938.
fyzygiæ so that the two fuperfint whose alteraplena be another hollow: a.
such a way that in the Metonis cycle, facilecolligetur, quimcnfes and said, Lo, those who are full of the.
they were. Conftruximus igiturTabulam the new moons, of all the of the whole.
periods when Characters properties. If you are in meminifti Meto.
nica period of annotauimus, it does not need to work again, a prompter. Cell.
For this example, with Metonem, which three numbers, these marks.
menfescauos. The two numbers exceeding the upper Fefe vnitateindicant.
propriorenumero the chronicles of the menfis, pofteriorem you please. If for example.
24. 2 5. understand you take certain provicefima fourth menfis talker D.
While vicefimum fifth. The lower the number of stamps charm & fĭerem neo.
menus, fine regulated, which runs regular pcriodi composer.
frankincense, joyful £ tie the seven, where necessary, give dear Besides flue fair neo.
Merriam. Methodus finally here, as in metonic phase cademeß.
Orfus is a period of a week away from his native Hecatombaeon Meto.
Nico periods fextus, 28 June, which is the next day after the Solßitium.
Metonc & Euétemone obferuata. What we have started from the Solftitio ,.
Succeeding fidemD 500 E N T E A T P O R V 1000 1000 51 B. 2. 8 ;.
A inftitutumipfius of Callippus are the belief of the scccrit for the first time, who are in the mood in province.
'' Greece is aggreffüs as Metonis year now slipping support them and instead.
 ptereafumpfitproximam after folftitium month, quætor convenience.
; then immediately after confeetus folftitium has occurred despite the neo.
! the walls of the expected retirement takes place, with a real neomeniaTamuz of the Jews was 3431, of which.
3. charaeter z z. 13. fequenti dieiniuerit Wednesday quarta.Scdannus oétauus.
T Metonis cycle begins Hecatombaeon from June 28, quodCalippus.
and then the effects in reality, she thought: to mark the fourth part of the day, it could easily be & Meton.
disregarding, with the intercalatio of the day of the quadrants as the confurgentis this would grow.
between 27 and 28 June. Then Ptolemy writes clear, obferuatio.
the end of the year of Callippus are folftitij from the Aristarchi was the procuring to be guilty of that.
B quagefimum been varying. So for the third book parchus.
Writes avyxeha; tlu ^ ^ uv Aeyyagxw rswgnU $ u $ ae / ylu »ττοτω τὰ 7.
άτὸ λήγοκτι ἐ τ; στης έ Kαλιττον παιδόε. The first year period.
Calippicæ cli embolimaeus. Otherwise, the new anteuer productive years.
epoch in the days of your threshing-Solftitij, eleven: And lest this should be done, religiofo, ca.
For carrying Attici.Nullius Hecatombaeon neomeniaapudeos before.
uertebat confidence folftitij. Embolifmi, however, Calippici the place, in Pofi.
deonenon fuiffe, it is clear from a thirty year period, which cli embolimæus ,.
whose neomeniaapudPtolemæum about Finé Nouembriscadit, it is not.
, however, about the end of December, which, indeed, reach everybody ,.
If Pofideon other intercalatus native, and what is more to conie u.
100 mm makes is an Elaphebolion of that year, he began February.
 z 2, it is not, however, of March 2; That was the fi Pofideon prosecuted.
| Calator native. Embolimaeo again 47 year period, Anthefterionis.
2 suits the new moon day of January 2, fequente in the end.
J 48, Pyanepfionis ncomenia happened XVI O & orb. The interval.
Day 2 66 who are præcife menfes nine shaped. Pyanepfion joy.
to be starting from Antheftcrione. But it is the ninth. Intercalated.
So it was between Anthefterionem and Pyanepfionem. And who of men.
If intercalatio be more than Scirrhophorioni, which is three times.
Athenienfis less folftitialis years and Ayv% veia? _.
So began the Scirrhophorionalter infincan | j '' |.
Once. We also add a tile charaéteris pcriodo £ n r.
Rum Calippus. Charaâeres regular call that [ "YOU.
regular, fine charaétercmcomeniarum compofiti | -Is * !.
dantfeiiam moon Sienimvis habcrescriáncóme | II 37.
 • G • ^^ n ^ n l 3 4 nerinAi.
too much Pyanepfionis a year quadragefimonono pcriodi |, ',', ', | :.
5.
2.
6.
tcrtio, acceptumregularem 4, refpondentem By virtue of the third PC.
riod in a small, componecum4charaétere Pyanc | V fi.
pfionis. It compofito c regionc 49 years on the Board • *..
A 3 ncomς • 88 '1 1 o s e p h e r t s c a 50 1.
of the new moons, on the floor under a corner of the common Pyanepfione, God will give fe A.
to assert the first of a new moon to its Pyanepfionis. But, cxperiamur from Pto.
Lemaeam. In Nabonaflàri 466 Timocharisobferuauit the Moon.
FPIC Virginia united © 2}? , In the first period Calippicæ 48 ,.
TIvdvvJA 'G' 7 4 '9iyoy%. Julian corresponding to the time, the age of nine.
V 1 1 1 fees, weekday force. Therefore, the third new moon: and Pyanepfionis day of the week, for eight.
The fifteenth of November. Endanger the board. Compose Rule 3.
refpondentem in the first period Laterculocum 7 charaeter Pyane.
pfionis, e the country of 48 years were finished. 3 will have a fair vtpropofitum there. Con.
