 z be άγον δ 'ἐχλεῖτοντιάσκει.ά τ & τω τύχegg & τι τάλαμος άτι.
fiaiafò ìtìòsegμάρ® (ός αγ $ Potok ίτάλτε. Annals of Constantinople.
tani stress, in AD 798, the sun during the day XT 1 1 1 so obte.
ncbrasse, the ships at sea or wandered. Some € ία% &% $ y, and by this.
ports conferred to cruel Irene, the daughter of Constance.
dwelling blinding. But what is old and external models postponed ?.
Here the year 1547, my child seven years of age, sun Fudo sky ,.
pale solid appeared for four days from April 1 xx 1 through to.
that Gaul was so much, and which I in Germany, the Britons, accidissecon.
was. Of course, much later confecuta are bad, of which foreign.
this is the place to say. En tion to occur and, as a learned man of verfibus A.
Gilian fishing out: this error also, hugs the Seruijinterpretis Expofit.
upright. It is established, I resid / O Caefare im Senate on the Ides J / arti.
Rum was a deficiency of $ oils hour / entrails, V / Mie at night. It can be.
"Six to increase even fufpitionem. Anrel. To be flexible or Andreas Schott: of which.
these are: Diãator j permanently occurred by the Senate, the House ,.
Cabsiod E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 50 1 44 ;.
Brutus and Cassius murderers, three were killed and wounded twenty-oh / 2 *.
Its body for the rostrum placed in the round of $ / num said to have hidden. But.
nor the day before the Ides, that he wishes to Servius, was murdered on Caefare, do not.
"That is kept on which interfeetor, conjunction lamps.
Cæfaris year extinct in the period Juliana above 467 o.
|.
500 E 1 N 1 O 1 T 100 AE S A R G is a v i t y S
v Gvstvs born 1 x Kal. Octobris, that is, xx 1 1 Sep.
September old-fashioned, Marcus Tullius Cicero, C. Antonio Coss ,.
Theodore Capricorn horoscopantes auetorem Suetonius, cash r.
} Genteis Augusta & Cæfarc as translated into Gcrmanicus, the following words.
of Capricorn.
At this point, Augustus, is the body of your gemitali MUME;.
"Consternation mtergentes, cross country works.
At a charge he took, oh maternal brought aflrù.
Whereby we not only Capricorn horoscopante, the Fed & the tumult, Ca.
tilinario born perfpicue door is opened. The year Romaan which Mark Till.
Sap and C. Anthony Confulatum how they began to O & tobri year.
Iulian period 465o. That is, either the x 1 1 1 O & orb, if the year before.
succumbing to the common or XX 1 1 1 eiufdem O and orb, or if the year.
tecedente of intercalation. Accordingly, the first, by the whole of the seven.
CBRE claims Julius. Second, the last xx 1 July to September.
Léonce 5 is already under the Romans, it is not under Cancer. If the Augustus ns.
est horoscopante Capricorn is necessary to allow the two, as also.
the year of the common, not the intercalary month, and so also that, after the sun of the West, it is not.
was born during the day is done. In fact, in September of the ancients, as unto them that sold under Caprieor.
No editor is the case in the light, that it is really necessary to the generation of the nocturnes ,.
That would seem to be gathered from the words of the German iEt fane, to him who says ,.
•% / atermis brought mine. .
Capricorn, to the extent it is true, the mother works at night, as your other cm.
fast starts. Euripides' •.
όNÉ3 μάλαιοι χάναυ ἀg® re9%.
DTibullus: Play: * The voice has joined the team car / pony.
He loves la / mulgation / Idera playful dancers. As amended Reet time.
"M. Ant. Fairs. Aries then brought matermi Africa, ie ,.
nocturnes, Augustus checkered life. So even spoke Claudia.
less praise of calm, when you are happy Luciría ,.
And adding to the stars and radio. That is, when you step out into the edges of light.
threats. But the German adding maternally, it is not & urns, and where.
sperm and demand for nighttime. Imoetiam if he had not added yet.
100 € intestines.
I4 44. 1 o s e p h sc.a 1 50 1 100 E R I.
• it was necessary. Hence it is no fault in Suetoniū no y A.
by strenuous librarij, but to its Suctonij, who writes that in the birth of a little before out of the.
East. If Augustus was born before sunrise, Capricorn.
horoscopante, the sun was born Capricorn force, and instead.
there had been born Julian menfe in December or January and con.
fequentis not Septembriantiquo, but of the place in March. That is absurd.
Augustus was born in about 1 xx, xx 1 or July 1, after the sun.
West, Sun last part of Cancer see. And so far as possible.
Eastern parts of Capricorn born everywhere, even the West, except what he is saying.
in one or a second degree or less. That does not matter. The only con.
rather, Augustus gencfin fall Julius mcnfem, fiquidem born.
In September Romanarum nocturnes demand, fiquidem Capricorn B.
horoscopante doing so in a period of Julian 46 51, the cycle of the moon XT ,.
The third. After the account of the chronicles from the Caefare correétos, all of them, who they were born.
years under Roman thought that the age of a year fuarum Julia.
no iifdem menfibus from which they were born under a year times. Exam.
Plum is clear xx 2 1 Octobris Julian assigned to it.
day of the birthday of Augustus, in his Fasti, the Julian, the sun of the laid up the ends of the Virgin ,.
mense, indeed, when in fact he had been born in the same, but the sun of fito in the border of.
Cancer. So Leo Virgin lost all his days of August.
"In the years of her life, and when the year starts from July ,.
counted as from September. 79 days a year above the confusion.
