
fyzygias be comprehended praecifè, as a new stratagem, and therefore; whether the same period.
noruminftituit, Attica, he, indeed, aSolftitio, to Alexandria, however, abauium.
tumno. We have already said above Hyperberetaeus from the acquittances of the same level.
July, men of Macedonia from the IX to the VII Octobris: that is, from Audynæo of acknowledgment for the.
Hyperbcretæum. In Macedonia, the Greeks of this period things.
500 nóuarunt than nineteen years previously solid inftituerat Calippus. Therefore.
with the ipforum, and the year should begin at the mense the Olympic race, of which the nearer parts of epo.
chaerat ix, July is, there is ftatuim new moons, and Hyperberctæi periodic time.
The lights of the new moon at their AbIudaici 3449, which charaeter 2.
5.81 ,, the second week, Long July, cycloSolis force of the moon is 13. Concentrated.
Both of the new moon is so uniformly Lunar menfis Hv.
perberetæi, idq; XIX of the current year after a defeat to Arbcla. Therefore.
visum SyromacedonibusAudynæum in the Hyperbcrctæummerit;.
  ... v 1I \ @. O s e p h 1 94 1 50 1 G S C A L E R
aufpicari period here at the same level as Grgci Macedonians Ma A.
ccdoniatribus menfibusantea started. Fuitenim purely Olympic ,.
as we have said so many times. Why Hyperbcretaeus equable in the first pcriodi.
Oh, and cut into eight orb. The cli κάττον μάτωe / yoy by ancient Greeks.
Rum, Hyperberetaeus the LunarisinSeptcmbrem, as the first.
Hecatóribaeon Callippus æquabilisincidebatin 16 July in the moon.
on June 28. combustion; the end of the anniSolarisSyromaccdonum incidcbat the main force.
Oh, and the orb, and intercalatio attacks. Their popularity year mm.
you, than with the ends of the anteuertebat. Where are carried out as in Julian rccepto ,.
Syromacedonum and rcliqua Syrian incipiantannum fuum from O & tobri ad.
This vfqucdiem through seventh day Oétob.in seeks said: ον μέστωe /.
VO: The Jews, too, have been anniilliusSolaris veftigiaferuent.Scdhæcita, B.
fiquidem Callippus year Tetraetcricum reformed fequamur.Alio.
and He began to doubt that an Olympic Hyperbcretaeus vin, not seven of October. for example Lib.IV.
explained. Double the period of the Macedonian smooth, even.
Moon, such as the period aegv% @ ah Athens Hence from Du.
Hypcrberetaeus simple and just to Oétobri, Luna in September.
ncomcnia in the first year of the pcriodi fell into ncomeniam Boe.
dromionis years x 1 x Calippicae first period, on Thursday, in itself.
ptembris 1. It stands celeberrimae the beginning of this period ,.
LunariSyromacedones the MCRA, the Chaldeans, Jews hagarena and.
the rest of the Arabians being vñ are. Embolimaeus year than the first, fourth, Fe.
ptimus, ninth, twelfth quintufdecimus the tenth feptem C.
And so on in the other three cycles. VA fius and $ 9 for the annifunt.
the whole of a period of fifteen days. For seventy-six years Lunar simple.
ces made the z 69o4. DC all the time periods of 59, 277 and withdrawn i.
Oh, and there are twenty-one days, leaving 855 to menfes full embolimaei ,.
And fifteen days praeterea who is the annostotidem Ja? Nug.
a & gp, out the above, which are of the progrcffu fyzygiarum, that is from the Compofitione day.
Rum 29: 3 confurgentes make these periods of the year Üäénuiges, 3, 1 Oh ,.
14,19,24,3 Oh, 35, 4a, 44, 51, 56, 6o, 65,7 Oh 76.Nunc see where.
fedes embolifmi and cuimcnfiattributa fuit.Lyfias preferred & usSyriæ book.
Macabaeorum in the ongoing Sclcucidarum 148 (which is nevertheless 5 1 Oh really.
He was) writes Jews Defiderius coruma Rege be obtained. Epifto D.
restored to life, for what he writes, it is given mense Dioscuri. It does not cft between the menfis.
menfes Macedon ordinary. It was a ramrod. Amman.
embolimæus year, that is to say, feptuagefimus fourth period: a.
valdc system of rciaccommoda as mcnfisgeminus said Diof.
to heed others, quaestiones he Caftorcs flue Auöoxag9; Aries said.
Poftquam the lyfis impctrauit poftulata the king of the Jews; RC.
writes the King, as well as to lyfir, tumIudæis, mense Xanthico.En Intercom.
 latumDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. y 1000 50 1 2. 95.
"Winged between autumn and fifteenth, and even long before that Xan.
thicum. Term goal of a sudden is not so much it could not. Retinue.
They then Syromacedonum old embolifmi happened in the menfe bru.
bad that refpondet Pofidconi Attic and scebat Syria. MofesMe.
The Syrian redinæus fàccrdos said Andrew Child, said it menfe.
Stretches Teboch calling. When scripfiffem and revered.
Patriarch Ignatius Ânti8cheno and give tiffimo man, I wonder how much rifu.
Mofis then received a call Meredinæi, then eiusfententiam. Mafia.
wonderfully, however, is under a delusion, when he supposes that menfes of the Syrians, Chriftiano.
Rum is merely Lunar effect. Reperiffe be written in the book of Syrian ,.
Alexander, 12 years deceffiffe bar Cepha 2 with 4 x 1 1 1 scebat day, Sabb.
BTO. Of course, it Chriftivulgaris year terms with 913, of which 1 x 11 Fcbruarij there.
Saturday. However, the mafia, and think that the year of Christ 914, and See.
but it gazes effects. Both of these, however false. This is it.
The epoch of Alexander the age of Alexander Christiani Syrian Arab.
nuncTerich Alescandriæ however, now TERICH dilkarnain call, ideft.
άποχω àxàg & *%. For Alexander% hxíg call is so scul.
tempered in cash Cyrenaeus. Alibinotamus Syria even further.
Chriftianos epoch in from the Oétobri this to begin with, it has happened for the sake of the anti.
