
{Nice, that is, a minimum of 2 years oo duotantum leaders of the Jewish people.
Rum things, great things his rashness: and of that years have, quifub the name of Philo.
the mind of the leaders of the temple profane the contrary, after the calls to refuse to Zerubbabel.
books. For the prophet Zechariah wants a Iefus and.
Temple Zerubbabel need to be continued from the first attempt, c.
Terms with examples of either feneéta few years, several thousand Mofis fuperiùs.
uerit. It also appears from the language to its Nchemiæ, Nehemiam respectively.
While window abated. For though it was himself are it is established, that he was in the time of.
Bastard lived under Eliafibo of killing Bishop, and for the last time.
monarchiæ times they do arrive, the greater annorumde 1 Zo.
LIE necessary. From the beginning, it is for killing Nethe, to disaster Perfarum.
to the of Gaugamela, of the year, however, you would think they are not less than 93. ncque Nehe.
be apprehended that this man was the same with him, of which mention is Efdra 11. 2. Nehem :.
vii.7. Another eaim it. And strenuously mistake quieundem cumhoc.
they do. But although he remembers Nehemiah ynius zorobabel ,.
500 to be the leader, yet many others had to be manifestoin.
say the cap. v. 15. Perhaps the yeres, Philo, Annianus names.
Fuorum leaders Architecture and avoiding angles. Nehemiah, at least under Eliafib Pon.
tiff has not repaired the walls of Jerusalem. Eliafib the grandson Iofüc.
Pontiff. Two generations of reduétionc was delivered to the.
staurata walls, passed through. who would be the least of 144. Moreover, the whole of the year are.
reduétione of the year, however, they are held in captivity is from the dam, to the viccfimum annumi.
Arthasastha Memoris ;.
* Ddd EPO596 4 1 1 o s e p h e r r s c a 50 G 1.
v.
E P O c H AR 11 1 1 500 A A A A A 1000 O 500 100 A 1 AR, ^.
F. T 1 N S T A R A T 5 1 1 O N T E P 50 1000 1. From C.
IIIE R SO N IL 50 A 5 M.
Efleu and repair the concrete epochas to be less reuo.
care, takes place when it has been demonstrated, Ahasuerus was Xerxes I, Da.
H.'s thoroughly demonstrated. would bring no labor is the era of the queen of the.
But the court, under which the temple was built, is it every time.
Momentum was false. I was the third in the conduct of their empire.
Whilst the entertainment & media chiefs welcomed the banquets cause.
Esther does not return a book, but the book is not dissicile v 1 1 Herodotus about it.
it can. For a campaign pushing for Greece, which is B.
And all its equipment with the chiefs imperijretulisset soon.
those that fplendidissimo meal c eighty days profecutus it. The fa.
cult to make confirmed by the second day, at a party, in which the people, the people gladly received, as it were il.
lud that it would be Xτέακτικόν, such as table with the country to endue them with an expedition.
ret, & it would not be a long time after this the people of the vifurus. From this it comes about that.
Ester in the whole interval from annotertio, adfeptimum peace.
crime: else that which is of course, within that period of expcditio contigerit.Tot.
themes Besides those who gather convicted Assuerumef.
be Xerxes I, to speake of him: nor will any doubt about it, unless beyond the ability of one who is to be no ,.
nor could he refuse, except the evil one can. As soon, therefore, reuerfo from the GræciaXerxi.
Ester menfe forward, an end feptimianni under Xerxes. Two C.
And in the fourteenth, thirteenth menfis Adar fupplicium DEA.
manna Fumio 5 3 287 Jewish year, which was Nifanius 3.8.1 Oi. Apri.
the third issue. Therefore neomcnia twin-month holiday prolific Martijquin.
ta year period Iulianus 4 2 4 of the twelfth cycle of the sun, the moon three times.
upright. 1 1 1 1 1 x fifteen of Adar was, therefore, of March, the Saturday: and yet of this.
Has no relation to the Jews were on the first, to prevent the enemies of the care of vlciscc.
* Recounted how easily regarded as one religion. Was year.
world; 476, Ichthyonos viccfima. 6. zygon advanced z z. 42 ',.
September XXX. Nabonassari 274 years, Athy XXVIII. In the two.
{Imillimis cafibus Jews diuerfa modotempora notarunt.Nam inhibition.
sloria Ester menfe to mark the lunar month period, more suo D.
The. But in the edicts of the king, which he gave their flattering of A ".
Man murder to murder all the Jews does not exist.
no doubt, why menfis & appcllatione has been Perfica, also, and indeed to have one as much.
of bile, it is not the moon, of, needed at least more s palace, not as the Jews. But in fi.
Macabæorum of the soldiers, a matter of his third book, which is called, it is not as the Jews do men.
bes think, but Egyptian. For her unexpected help from God.
Jews never happened writes a fifth mcnfis Epiphi to feptimi. Of course.
C3 CGI1).
500 E 1000 N 500 E e r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B 6. 39 '.
A ea that befell the space of three years, from the time when, Ptolemy Philopator defeated im. .
perire And king Rehoboam took things: enter thou that which is derived from the distance between the fifth of the Epiphi page was not moved.
Julian Augustus XVII as previously. The first year of Phi.
lopatoris terms with 528 Nabonassari, periods of 4494. Why, however, Iulianae,.
<Though we do not know the year, the Victoria & Philopatorem the former.
Great and smoke Jewish life crisis, and then suddenly FA.
lus it happened: An examination, however, it is to us, that has happened of August, xvii.
For Eufebius you do not know the truth of the year of the real thing, advises them in the.
Philopator initial contributions to be. But let us return to the Book of Esther :.
of which the epoch of the month Adar, in keeping with the xiii of that day, than for that adscripfimus. And.
fane to be wondered at himself, seeing that the worship to be observed, with no less fifteen of Adar.
