Christmas the year to go.
500 E A N N N A T A PLEA 1000 1 500 O N I.
the neighbor, or the Breuiculus indiculis eiufque to mark the day. In SC.
Secondly, Council Braccarenfi such fancies: VT / àperuenturi IPSS downstream.
"Passhe this day and time, and how to ßßipi Moon, aÆ4etro.
politano Epifcop notified. The cateri epifeopi or remaining clergy.
Breuiculum fùbmotantes, vmufquifque Fua Ecclefi arrived at Matala.
Sunday, the pofi Euangelicam leetionem the ammumcient. In the same.
And thou shalt come into the Confilio Carthaginienfi, as which Augustine is speaking. Ê.
 Zz IOC.
501. 1 s t t v 1000 TV old in Ecclesia was a Christmas Pascha54 o s e p h * 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
this morc fluxum, as the years of their birth and of the Lord's Passion would be numerarenA.
appropriately. And so we read in the Bedam, chap. On God 's seasons for a reason ;.
fiquidem healthy and Holy Roman Ecdefia that J & credit hold.
ipfis testifies index, which is a specific sais annually / Write / smells side.
a memory of the Passion unreasonable number.
Oh thirty three years of radiation stream is less than away from it in.
incarnation of positive notes. Finally, in the incarnation reside.
ta Dionyf fèptingentgfimo to the first, the fourth to the tenth of the Indiäione, brothers and sisters.
mostri, which were then Rome, this /? birthday of the candles.
Fane à Maria ßriptum seen, and then they deßripßße: A N A's.
1 o n e s o 1000 1 500 N N E S S T R 1 1 1 5 100 H R T S 1 5 1 A N N N T.
500 c LXVm. Obviously believe that the year starts suffering from birth So.
yourselves together, who, however, we think that he would be from the fequenti the Passover, which was 3.
April, cyclo x Sunday, Monday eighteen year Dionyfiano7 Oi.
So in the appendix Gregory Turonenfis than at some Fredegario.
stress; We read at the end: A Paßone of V / Mie the ifium.
praféntem year in gyclo Victoris, anmi Lxxv c 1 1 (at. January. day.
IDominica years, 500 c Wind. And so this millemarium accomplished things.
be sixty years c. These last years summa c LXV display.
dit no mistake in the preceding two brass 500 c Wind. Moreover.
1 is conceived of as many words book something,. 51 V Aimoini monk. side.
In addition, it was the year 500 c exxxv Charles Martel.
B.
XIX. An error in interpunetion. Distingucndum for mad.
c LXX, v 1 1 Cat. Already. For the year of Christ 7; 5 starting from.
ipso Christmas. The cycle vfque Sunday XT running at Kai. Jan. Why.
Nii Kai. He was the first week of January. By virtue periods of the year so fruitful.
17 O & torianorum began on Christmas, plenty confuetudinem with.
iniuerit, however, it is true that, from the Paschal mystery of fequenti, which he fell in xvii.
April. In addition, It is delightful too vitiofà confuetudine, so that a year ,.
calls this year's incarnation of the passion for the big cycle Vietore ,.
or Viétorij, was at the point from the Passion of Christ, of which at the first began Capcom.
should be a Natali, on account of it the birthday of the passion of the Diccbat. For XXXIV.
years to the point heavier than Dionyfianus cycle. When it here.
17 is a cycle of fertile Victorian, although it was a 2 year O4 D.
Dionyfiani fertility cycle. Thus, in the providing of the Aimoini, a monk ,.
d. 746 public Parifienfis, M.xv year, passivity 7The, India.
£ fione XIII. Who does not see age thereof of the passion of this Santa Claus does not exist ?.
Many of the care of Fastos, indeed, Ecclefiæ passover, or, indeed, to sign a ,.
shaped and different from & TA is legitimate, but if not by himself are on Paf.
Chat, or by Christmas. For the canon is written into a Carthaginienfi.
tat: the formed and that "a primate or a quibußumque Epifcop.
 ClericisD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 543.
FEIST are given to a cleric, are to have a day Passh. The /? still eiu / sweet.
anmi Pa / € has an uncertain day that they praeccdens Adiugare »How / 0.
let p o s t c o n s t v v 50 From 1000 to the public gjiis adßribi. Known.
for if one Confuli be created in the East, the other in the west.
you do not have occurred rarely, as in the East, Western Confuli ignore.
appropriately. For this year, or so designated: {μ% zrgleiaw 1000> gidog Ce.
ρα53. Or this: <zráléig Mapxiay8 Cęgyá and 3 3) ^ ®®®. Out.
Victor of those propositions of the cycle, in which the vtebantur Ecclefiæ with the Gauls.
næ, another had a cycle high Victorini. For the cycle of Victoria.
had not the beginning, * from the year of baptifmi, that is to say from the two consuls, that is the true God.
From the point of the cycle of violence and ties. d. V 1 1 1 Kalcnd. January from a year.
B's Passion, so that the cycle of Sunday XT off from fequentes Kalcnd. Doors.
rij, with the Moon fifteen years, it seems that eofdem Christ fecun.
While victory over the years, plenty Dionyf that the unity.
framing what happens to the method of the golden number. Why is the newer ill.
le calculated years, than the old letter sent ;.
In addition, traditional festivals and Natalitij December twenty second e (t ,.
where it stands a little before the times of Chryfostomi the institutions of the things that is done, and from him.
communicated by the Romans in the time of the people of Constantinople. Since it.
not be clearly stated on the birthday of the old, but the residue on another day, in another place, and from the.
Ho Menfo diuinabant that you fully with Epiphany. Clement.
he said, taken, they fled quofdam to determine the day of the birthday of the tartar of wine of the Lord 'é ».
