 After one year less.
he thinks to be the interval of time, than to learn by Ipfa takes place. In fact, however, there is the best ,.
Christ Julian, 44 years old Confuli than 5 Augustus XIII.
45, as she Dionyfius Abbas, but yourfcif one year of heavier material Au.
Consult X111 taste was the same, namely, the first cycle. And yet.
That was the nineteenth cycle, this method in Julian 4. 4. For Cow.
fulatus XIII August fifth to eighth inclufiue C. Cenforini and.
C. Afinij the Gauls: the one who fell in the year of the Julian halftime show, as a manifestation.
B teaches that the feast of the Cenforinus. Matt Julian Augustus Confulatus the year.
iv. Truly, then harvested and sent poorly. Fcquitur here, like that.
Some successfully} and follow a certain diet is desirable. The Namverissimum ,.
Confulatum August X 111 together with the third Olympiad.
CX Civ fed into the year Palil Varronianum 5 to 7 z.
A layer and thirty, and the other is false. After one year, it means more.
And so, a year of Olympias, who had pointed out, he conferred great benefits had to collect my birthday.
Christ annusautem the City side who badly prepared. It is.
fentre be vulgar years of computing dissent as yet.
he is indeed correct. When this has been to dispose it wants to deliver Christ suffered for us, not whether.
no chips the age of the mother, for example, John Lucid and others, whose Fenten.
CTIA rejected, but in XXXIV, cycle XVI, suggestive that we offer.
list. In fact, the ordinary, and the year of Christ; 4. sixteen cycle of the moon. Therefore.
79. Remove the 44 year old suffered Julian, Julian, in the end.
Christ wants: 35 currensanatali year, will remain Christ ,.
to him, the birth, who had just been his passion, of his day, that it is from.
method cycle means. If Christ was born at the end of cyclixix :.
therefore nothing to add years to the method of Christ, Easter cycle :.
uarer tricefimus fifth year through the late XIX rclinquo sixteen year.
Easter cycle running time of the Passion. Itafa £ as well, as they can not fo.
lum a truth, but also from within himself disagrees. And it is wonderful antilogia with.
damn Greeks, believing that Christ X111 Nifanius phase county.
1, meat and bread is fine, but yourfcif to notice that John lamb.
eaten (Fe, and XV Nifanius cross, whose Nifanius month interruption.
in the Twelve of March, the day of the week by force, which, nevertheless, there was no needed at least heomenia, but.
Nifanius quarter of the year 3794. The present compiiti Nifanius charaeter 3 :.
§. 9 't Martijnona. After that brings Jews to transfer more fuo.
new moons, and the force from the day of the week, to the VII. And so, this is the new moon has been rich in il.
son Matt Nifanius have started from March, The fifth. Who concedes save.
endowment, who is} he does not know-what is going menfis Conditions of the moon? For, as we have said, x 111.
Bbb Martij566: 1000 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Martijillius year was the fifth day xwi * qwdde, quartaXai £ 4daeos. A.
Nifanius the Alexandreus, where citizens in the VFI are Jews fuitxI.
IMartij. Tranflatio for it was in tifrum, for the sake of tifrum fequentis of the year.
The whole heaven, and there is this mistake about this, by means of a great cycle of Dionyfianum.
The Passover of that year would be to investigate, however, that shall he doeth it. For Easter term.
Dionyfianus case, fine sincurrisset inxxi fourteenth day of March ,.
on the first day. But if xx 1 fabbatum would inevitably would phase.
In XXI 1 March. Finally fummus a mistake, six year Tiberij.
sixteen cycle of the moon in the process. I am so strict that the spots.
he will answer from the book of that time, of a fair, our friends, be put away, who for his fua spirit.
learning, and also irresponsible, falter in one Christmas angels.
tiquiorem it differently, but it charaóterem, which is true helices in B.
This voyage, none has taken, so rcet running hold.
was not able to. People of all the smoke, and the wrong relationship.
We can not end unless the person aside. All these diatribalon.
GA is the suffering of the annals inferta is obsolete permanently stained purple.
assutus. '.
•; Q_y AE O N T V B 2 c 1 1 500 V, AE I.
v £ 500 duo object to the care of ever greater need to have done so.
Lenni passover. Why Iefus Nazareth on Easter cross.
there were none. Also never been fexta day Easter holiday, so Chris C.
stianos vain say Christ weekday fexta solemn Easter cross.
fixed. , Who married one obieétionem his offense, and in the other one also.
fortify. For puerile skirmish. Not a month.
Nifanius is dyaX © fiugeg fed ägyασιμ®. It is necessary necef.
be, when they do all things, even the depths of the hodiea at noon, all things are from.
Trufo inuestigant nothing that prorfus aisg8J *% y leaving the fermen.
and exterminated. That was by curiofitas the celebration of the women to whom he is like.
A good dcae facra Brantas, which is a hollow muscular rimaban.
tur VTNE muremquidem male eoloco to be acted upon. That.
So warm, so fuperstitiofà & laboriofà entire investigation.
And take this easy shows, that day can not be excepted from D. Function
buildings. And so, they are deceived themselves, but which they believe bring Christ up from us, be said to be PAF.
reduc had a formal celebration. For it is not fifteen Nifanius, with the exception of the things that was.
from all His work on the land, the Lord was crucified, but on the fourteenth ,.
as the true Lamb of maétaretur in the same, in which the lamb mystic book, nay more.
the habit of the hearth: and being the same hour is coming, in which the true lamb, from the cross, deponcba.
