
there being no law or social origin, fànguinisattingebat Balfafarum, where it stands, who.
Media stock effetex. & XaYd \ xyjq £ aoiAfia, Exa'pp. quoverbov.
twines Daniel.Tipr drtd out (z3n £ σαλός created equal Rex.Non said iipy.
άσίλωσσ. To this & the poor, do not poffunt obluétari objects. But not yet.
The end of conflict. " He who fuffragiis of the people unto the kingdom of adfcitus cit ,.
people living properties Legibus ends, no new law can serve fancier.
& Be patient, however, the laws of the Medes, Darius emitted to be homogeneous & um, Behold, he doeth it.
¢ ap. r 1, 8. Therefore, King Darius, the bear and Media. A.
'Pendant mind of Daniel. All the chiefs of the empire with killing.
large parties, namely the law fancirent, NC within thirty days pressed.
To God, or to a man, save only to the Now to the King of Darius, to fupplicaretur. Eftpla.
neSenàtufconfultum, to which it is made unless beyond growth together, O king, is, to that extent auetorem.
perfcripta insisted. Approached the king, as he finished confirmct law.
Mcdica. 8. We are gathered here commas negat sent to King.
Be patient and Media fuiffe. For this, in that the subject is, where I Give.
niclerat, ncmpein præfectura to its Sufiana, of which he was Satrapes.ca.
IViii, 2. For he who is one of the extras Megiftanibus of the kingdom of cffet, as the cli.
r 1, 2, does not habitaffetSufisfine government. InSufiana it will agree.
it happened, the Babylonians to the things that his journey was bound by no laws, the Fed you have been.
only, ideft, to be perfected. For Sufianam bear cutting Aftyages, Vt.
diximusexStrabone. She is autemvideturfponte, or in any other ca
pu, rather quambelli fortune of the Babyloniorumimperio acceffiffe. Give.
So settling and fuperiores Rcges Babylohiæ, inSufide any longer.
fancirenifi rights, such as today, in all kingdoms vfürpari.
we see. 5 For when we do not vniregimulta them provide for the kingdoms of the eftconclu.
dcndum, that all this tempcrari eifdcm Legibus, In fact, many things eius.
 . •. cemodiP R E C O O 50 E 1000 N A. XXXV 1 1.
we see that under the laws of the kingdoms of the one she spake to the king, to the contrary the Prince of :.
Noftros of difputatores runs the most beautiful, this contigiííe.
Sufis, it is not Babylon: BabylonemautemChaldaico by the law, Sufianam.
Perfico Feu your doctor, what is the same is, vfam fuiffe, where the princes of the Sufis.
if I do not Babylonijiudicabant.Nequelocus there bee any altercations. For.
äetur prorfuseftde Darius Aftyage those with long or Aftyages.
tea has been Caefarum: nequemcliore condition infocictatem regnicum.
Darius diuifa Cyrus to call when this takes place, and Aftyages caught Cyrus & :.
Darius the Mede for several years before Cyrus ordered, that the strength of 28.
I colligiturtantum, but also convicted. 7Daniel for ifie / Pere £ git.
In regnoTarij, '65 During the reign of Cyrus /%. And in general it blazed through the whole Sufiäha.
Daniel ruled. But Castle & munitiffimam than ssAEo / w.
The Greeks call it, at Ecbatana of the Medes chain-work, by Daniel the conftru.
And so fuiffe teftatur Iofephus it due to its Iofephus ad.
the entire manfiffe him, so that he seemed to the recent, cuifemper Iudæumpræ.
ficiexgenere facerdotum, moremfuiffefcribit. SedEcbatananun.
Shortly before the Babylonians more than a year, that is, before.
Cyrus conquered Babylon eft.Nam yourfcif to the middle and treacherous.
1) aniel is still under Cyrus was in charge Sufidis. x 4. Fluuius.
enimTigris, of which no mention is made, eftterminus Sufidis from the west.
The story of a Jew obedient, however, we reject them out of her, the citadel of Ecbatana Iofephus.
Rum. For Daniel tagefimo in captivity fuse fcripfit head.
x, and yet a strong foundation. Thus, we antiquiffima ,.
* Ccuratiffimis fcriptoribus Jerof and Megafthene we get that.
Rum fragments, which extantapudIofephum, all obfcurain Give.
Niels Illuftrati of the Kings. Quisenim fated to praise poffit? Three.
the words of the Commentaries on the amount of yourselves so many, so many fomno an interpretive.
gangs quibbling. If a person facras Hiftoriarum ftudiofe and the truth.
TI time it remains in the Iofephus and Eufebius fparfis col.
understand that their surprise when facras books confenfus tell, ha.
provide fate places so that the excellent work inftruat and pofteris another way.
Chronologiam protect facras inueftigandi than haetenus.
is made from the the same in any of the old or of recent facts. The Megafthenis get out.
miofragmento vltimumRegem not alone, those who were citizens τΚμιᾶς, that.
Cyrus is stated, repeated calling fuiffe animaduertet, whom.
Babylonij changing nominc oh i>) Nebonit Herodotus Chabot ,.
Or Labynitum vouch, but also something quasi through the cloud.
Nabuchodonoforo pointed out, the understanding of hostility to defer.
ta Fefe abdidiffe, as is the cap. 1 1 1 i In Jerof apart.
regumBabyloniæ fucceffione find the walls of Babylon.
the bus of chain-work, nonaSemiramide, so that nuganturGræci, and murky with General.
Agacturi% 10 10 5 1 1 1 • p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
chodonoforo around fuiffe as teftatur, Daniel 1 1 1 1, and 27.
Several others, in which illuftrandis work is acceptable, fruetuum.
Now supply. But, out of a piece of a & is not smaller than vtilitascolligitur.
Menanders to Ephefijapud eundemIofephum, Quiabo Hiram fiuc.
Trom King, who logs Solomonifuppcditauit the pygmies.
superabund-, the brother of Dido, all the kings of Zidon, & Tyrio-.
Rum recenfentur. Prime is the Ego u @ Eyre son αζέαλε yava.
The second Iromißa ^ εαχαρ®, niyiya regnauitannos seventh.
His son dάδαςαφ%, nnvvTay annosnouem.