
Egyptian role hundred and forty-€ fèptingenti% of men.
roll. From the time begins Elkupti air, which call Marcus A. K
A R T A V 1000 y 1000, their mempe, whose / penalize shaped Diocletia ,.
mouse. This is he, a man of exception. By the age thereof abuf call witnesses ,.
that it starts with the first year perfecutionis, atquc Diocletian at.
to share, which was the start of a three overthrown. At this air.
Christians always has been, and is today, and one of Egypt, and.
Ethiopia. Never for the old age of Diocletian suppose fine.
no mention of the Egyptian menfium examples of Euzoïus Commentator.
In Ptolemæum to fextus, page 284, Eclipfis Monday in Bio.
cletiani eighty Athyr XX 1 X: A Nabonassaro the 1000 CX 1 1 ,.
1. JPhamenoth and in Aetis Concilij Ephefini, 2 92 Aveyv m e * & $ τὰ.
άκλησία ύμοναάτω ά »ignuxoi ;, φαρμε% $ i v ,. i) XIII d. 2. άις.
AioxATiwë 3j. This is the year of Christ 448, April.
XVII. But Eclipfis Theon falls in the year of Christ, 3, 64, who was.
first Valentiniani, November. xxv ​​Thursday, periods or with Julian.
no 5o77, cyclo x 1 Sunday, Monday iv toxon quarter of the year with.
ing of 4314. 5. 4. Blow Zygon 45, September XXIII.
Cafleu fifteen years, Jewish 41 2 5 Cafleu the moon, 5, 7, 21 ,.
November xvnI. .
IDE Ini.
$ 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 49 1 BV; .
T ^ 500 E 1 N 1 O 1 500 1 100 50 O N A L E T 1
A 50 V vs. Orofius: In the building of the city in Peru% Mo quadragjfimo •.
P ;. , Diocletiamus triceßmus third of army rule eleéfus.
stream for twenty years. This is the year V.C. io4 by 1 point.
unto them, spectacled finch to Varro 's, And He, too, the imperial power, and might learn Diocletia.
less pact. For out of the Panegyrists and we know of from the spectacled finch to be thought initiumi.
Diocletian. Therefore, had he fallen into the xxi day of the year, Varronianus friend Aper's.
Us, the year of Christ 287, Julian was a period of 5 oo and productive G.
chyli. z 66, the cycle of the moon 3, Sunday xv 1. Why these confèntanea writing.
bit Eufebius from the region of the year, the fertility of eiufdem year. 266. Diocletia.
Bnus Dalmatian ßribæ son, General eleéfus immediately Aper in militumì.
addressing struck swearing end / αο / € clere? Numerianum interfeéfum.
Also Bede dedicated. 1. Hist. Angi. Div. 6. year of the Lord.
cc, lxxxvl, Diocletiamus tricefimus third of August Per. From exercise.
You eleéfus, Sec. Naturally, from August nine think the start of the year 286 mi.
pEriJ Diocletian. The year was fruitful again Diocletian x 1 x cy.
CLI orbit, and hence 3 O 5 Christ. In addition, the same year x 1 x.
Julian, 35 current and hence less productive cycle, for example supra. Finally.
Diocletian was the year of Christ VICEF 3 O6, fecund year. 271 ;.
and that the matter will be at Eufebius. 287. He was the first of Diocletian.
indeed, such a mistake that age thereof Martyrs Diocletianea be unfair.
Ctium the Empire, and of the Emperor Diocletian imagined, but those who are age thereof Seleucis.
Alexandria beginning of Alexander's empire, which has Agathias ,.
or by Thoth Philip thought the beginning of the year of Philip of Macedon.
nia. Zofia, xaí * XL ®® e Aἀνθ 'ύταlelæ ;, xass ίν Σε £ jg® TLU.
E> κελάγίω γαγε, ἐοςτω, G3; άτε AOX ^ 6 πωός άνάκις, ἀκις δ.
MA% μιωός γεγόναού ύτσ'α, διὰ} αρὰρ άς άιωτάς τάς ἀδιαῖότάτά.
τι Διοκλπισσὸς ίλάτκ έπ ρασιλίας ἐγκÔ. € MA% μιωός% V% * K * ixoin.
ca. Games worldly Severus year 2 O4. and if the compound.
ment 1o1 years, all these years together by Christ O 3 or 5. fit.
mcatus; Oh Christ above 5 VICEF Diocletian, the first period was 286.
Thoth origin. It follows, therefore, to establish an empire of the Emperor Diocletian.
Give Thoth Christ 284 years, that is by dropping in others. However, many ta.
men are mistakes in Zofimum beside Aja, and ονισμ &%. that when you wrote.
Herculius, his disease Tarf to have perished, as it is certain are killed at Marseilles, the.
Also, with the agreement of the Diocletian HerculioCarnutiGal.
Liar. Diocletian was later disowned the government would never be.
give pofuerit in France, nay, not only has carried them out of Salona Dalmatia. Then things.
VICEF year and will Diocletian signs from the region fecundiOlym.
PI to 27: 1, which was abundant persecution. The great perturbation is unfair.
 It Confu'498 3 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 1 G E R
+.
Consult & Dioclctiani years, Constantine the Great and of the A.
right in the annals Onufrianis is not necessarily the fault, which really is.
Days could be called the father of history, but one thing dissicultate. We do that.
We can offer all of the same medicine. However, the way we report ,.
the things in the ciuscemodi than Studiofi infistant inuestigandis. Six. Anrel.
Viotti popular five years, making the Empire, Diocletian, too.
tediously given on its own. Thus, for the increase of his government confurgeret an.
mo, or the last two years before the epoch of the martyrs. Agree with Cassiodorum.
Diocletian components, and the leading end of the previous polluted.
MA equal. .
E P E R T S E 500 100 5 1 O N E.
500 1 100 50 E O N A T 1 EA
TYE A's E CVII Oh, that is, the cruelty of life and property of Christ.
Stian, and He began, before they had euerfione ecclesiarum. Eufebius inhibition.
'Sloria Ecclefiastica writes edietam office Ecclefias fubrutas.
was menfe in March, yo * ^ $ 3 IIøøα εἰσε ωκακ. Similarly, the Chro.
