clufiue, as we speak. Mexicans τάχαράκας fcquitur. That.
We have fpatium feptenis days, three days is finished tenth. So lu.
The first day is the á íafiuaggy, öx% ημε09 of the old Romans, of Mexico.
Rum agtaxoud exorfiu £ e9y. Next, the AU, Annas days is Menfis :.
He and naturally, civil and smoke. Natural menfis & yourfcif Du.
plex. For either it was the moon, of, or at the solar. Moon again into three kinds.
ris: the moon, or in so far as his journey from the the zodiac is the same with nails, to the same thing.
returns, called the $ tae (33, again as $ anekfoneton $ © σελήη. that one.
the rampart it is less, than about twenty OOTO days': and that greater, twenty-fč.
part of it. Eiufdem according to the type of faith from the sun profeéti now.
income. This is called aύod © σελήΚ. Of the third kind, menfis is fecun.
Xai days due out qwdde called φασί, φαλά? / O and Xajxgaoi (sa fine.
According to the times of the civil wars and with the third place of the race in have the.
For Athenienfis Xao out σω'da ncomenias be less thought to day five.
fO hagarena xae ê £ 447%. Himself are under the yoke of the Grecians, for new moons, from the.
Of the moon to be thought folitis tcftis Vitruuius from the Aristarchi of Samos, and the following words ,.
Speaking £ ® 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
Speaking about the moon guot menfibus under the wheel of the radio / day at a previously.
antequampraterit showing on / surgeons. And 5, when it is / 2b sun, new name.
Poftcro the day, what counts prolific prateriens $ 4 ole, V / itatio.
the outer end of a small circle. Where even the visitation.
end of the circle, which illeSamius end any doubt φαουμluoa.
Jj call. Also, Onomacritus that under nominc beams re-ero.
fcripfit, an activity in which íuíegς called onto, menfem Lunarca a iugoLu.
begins to bear. The verfusappofui.
Iiaia 'ἐθαης Martje soqeyd 3%. * EID% by AJJ%.
3vμός ἐπωνμίας μήνης Χ μόiegy dx8αα />.
JAA% %% (y di'êvi 46so] £ d \ o £ aiiaiy ,.
Oh £ τα% w @ y άχογ xvgä. μαλα γὸ χέθ 'Av.
iόμ $ μω, ως αύτη τωγάχά κλέθ 'dvTv% μ'ινός.
πδαμέρ ό ττάτωό ηματι 4) Zi) d gns ,.
puffn d] '3T' άπτάλζ DGW), J £ dl'âgyør go.
τὸν δzrap <3awυσοιτο φαῦ δίκεςων οιίαφούει.
cùràp Affi instance% W% u> € Xaiago3αγελίοιο.
zzäov eyx £ oyioiai 4V% avdga Cuini d pitching.
τετεαλ d 'owáop v and w are 7ro <%% z α λαμτdd array.
But the moon Arab exceeds the limit qoia much as 40%. So for example.
Lunar fint was not outlining of a new moon and the civil menfium kind: Attic.
* Low Xai? A: Iudaicæ faepc Xai £ Xavxeg'σεως. Arabicœ radiation Xai.
μ | sacrosanct and ς χίμα%, a third, say, a day. Menfis Sunday is a natural ,.
is defined by a circle Coeleftis fegmentis such natural, such as is the score.
fignoad fignum day full of incense. These and Llinares, there are really Coeleftis mcnfes.
Menfis ciuilisSolis is that nonnaturalibus way, but equally a tribute.
cit. for example, in the year of Egyptian and Greek are equally τεισκου $ t.
u®9 Within lunar alternately filled and hollow. inanner Mexico eixoorafiua.
e9t with the V x 1 1 1. mcnfibus their conftituatur year. With Al.
Banos March was six and thirty days, May twenty-two, Six.
ūtilis eighteen, September fedecim. August has Tufculanorum.
trigintafex restraint, October thirty-two Aricino October trigin.
tanouem. But it does not allow of the reasons, of the moon, so that menfes desirable in alternate years.
plcni continuous and hollow. but this method civic inftitu time.
then. The days of the hill from the fuperfluis menfes & ti be that there are others, who are Embolima.
are said to be: iiqueaut natural, or the Civil Law: both of them, however, to the equation is obtained.
end Sunday dire & TI. Natural Embolima ing those from the Sun exceffus col.
fpatia bed to the Moon will be completed by specialists. cuiufmodi is Jewish.
Prior month, and another Good Samaritan month. ifque menfis is always Tricce.
Surely days. A civil embolism, quiex days with fuperfluis Sunday.
furgcns fulcicndo in a hollow added. Eiufmodi terms with Merkedonius.
c.
prifciD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 F B. I. 1.
5.
Also acceded to the Roman altcrni & viccnum A. prifci of the year, and also a trine, and that contrariwise.
numdicrum. Eiufmodi & Pofideon Atticus. Neither Pofideon.
the natural effects can serve, even though for thirty days, since they are neither of the moon,.
effet, what of it is the new moon, far away from lurfari difcederet: Nor does he merely ,.
needs of part of the effet of that year, which to the Sun's running it is defcriptam not have been partakers.
idemdc Merkcdonio say, quincque a year to the solar system, nequead.
Of the Moon belonged to, nor of him there, those who iuftam menfi.
competence it belongs, with the effect only, xxii, xxiii, or down to the smoke of the days.
Menfis diuifio Attic in a \ xddag. First d \ XA; They μ'ι ^ ISG.
Pδρ®, creative howl) μιτάω third Howl 'φδίαν. This was carried out for.
mcnfes of those aboard were 7: axov6u £ E9. Be patient, however, ih τεμῆdδας ,.
B is not alone, because the corummcnfesomnes ττακονόμέe9t, but also because it is.

conftat the whole year and three quinariae feptuaginta. The menfe & u%.
Gioia # Athenienfis prod4 / leg. i ap $ dicebant from 7: im i ap $ A.qui.
For menfem on one day the mutilabant you want to, however, with one-third menfis.
on behalf of the fertile, they said, not seen as menfem to maim, of which the.
agaxdda counted. Melon & Callippus it was a day to prevent ,.
fyzygias that after two days and four fuccedebat. Menfium named.
na is divided into the form of the ancient hcbraic of the year were there, nor in the today '.
Nasini, Iaponenfium and Indians.