
of the year will remain, an absolute of Julian, to whom it had been emperor himself, if even that.
vfque continues to. d. 1 1 1 Id. O & T. This haetenus safely destroyed.
We can. In fact, the day of death is silent as Suetonius, who, however, at the same ;.
which Oétauiam his wife and killed him, and then she brought the hands of writes for himself. If Xi.
B Philino credimus Nero died on July 1 x, 68. For the year of Christ.
the death of Nero, to start Vefpafianus, that is, to Kai. July in the year.
Christ, 69, says interest in solid year, the Rev. 1. How pen.
opinion, ampleétimur: nor can we doubt is the true one: præfertim with.
Cassiodorus write commands age of 1 x 11, menfes force 1, the XXVIII :.
In June, defines what time lx. And so, there is no doubt that Nero was.
v Eid. June undone, and poorly Suetonius execution.
1 1000 500 e p r o n e n o A G E R O N A N O. 1
Tennessee numifmata Nero read E N C E R T A 1000 QyiN Q e n na.
I`, 1N v T v M.'s T1T that nothing else is to be understood by someone who has.
He made a name N e r o n 1A, where Eufebius writes guitar won. E
cregione, for the years of 1111 year. c CIX writes: * Nero Roma sound.
maintaining / aperai. And further on from the region of the year 1111 Olympiad. C CX.
* In Rome, Nero the competition of cithara / uperant. It.
who was detained for a year of solid interieéti are: and therefore is of five years' of struggle.
called. Cor. Tacitus, The Annals of the fourteenth, and said, Do not be a contest for the first time.
Roman quinquennalc plan, Nero's fourth Cornelius.
Cosso c o s s. who has entered upon the magistracy after Gaius Vipfanium and C in the
Rally, sub Eclipfi what happens above the Sunday shows.
mouse, Non. Id. May, the cycle of the moon 3. So that Nero directions.
The fourth cycle ta; year Ix; Thus, the fourth Olympia.
PI c 1 x. Reet in the same year won Eufebius Ne.
Drone Harp, marked. According to the survey held last year.
according to the last fequentis of Olympias, who, I have indicated is already out of the same Eufebio.
mouse. With regard to the beginning of the annual xvi, Cor.Tacitus writes: It so happened that that.
quennalis Festival was held in the ongoing five-year period, ORATORIBU / who paramount.
7materia the beginnings assumed. If the first five years of cy.
clus fourth; it was, therefore, has been rich in the cycle of oétauus, C. Lccanio, M.
Licinio c o s s. But in the Annals XV 1 belongs to the Cow.
fules Silium sinews and Atticus origin, fexto year from the publication.
A prime r.
I47 o o s e p h • 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
first games. The games of the Neronianus fèxennalis. But that A.
quennalis been said. Defying the meet. How it.
protect them? I see no hiding place for error here. An Nero.
In the sixth year delay? So far, for example, delays, and also in food.
When I called back before the appointed day. Sucton. Nero xxi. About.
This contest Suetonius prescribed € $ struggle the first five years.
of Rome, the Greek triple •% / U / icume, Gymmicum equestrian ,.
The appeal O N E R N A Xiphiline: σὰς ό ό ί 'αστη? ia3 * you.
δαμοχής £ Xeg * T6 αυ3 (b τω γας τε Agoí} ραφά) dyδια ταφετη24xóv ta.
τεςήσα%, NEP Oneis σωτῶν όνομασοις. Six. Anrel. Viet Andreae.
Thoma writes Gordian Gordian struggle that Nero.
Rome inuexerat, increasing the amount firmasseque. In that year, Fen encounters B.
I, the% \ inuexerat profit of Rome, an £ o firmatoque, to bear profit.
And a bus. Is the game Neronianus quadragefimus fextus, celebrate.
year 24, when the first of the year would be celebrated 6 a.
Two years ago we finished Ncronianum 46, cclcbratus fueratagon.
39 Capitollnus, like stamps Cenforinus. Why games XLVI Neronia.
I fell to less Confulatum VettijSabini 1 and Venustus, the ongoing year.
Gordiani: fiquidem it parConfulum a faster founders straight.
In the year of Christ conferred 4o 2 above, in which certain none.
finished XLVI pronounced. AtquiIul. Gordon capitolinus at this writing.
bit praetexta Attic & c o s s. Gordiaei the open faced Janus Geminus, that the.
/ Indient was a sign of war, went through on / as. If immediately after celeC.
bratum finished his journey into a bear, so it writes Anr. Viet therefore.
Confulatus Prsetextati and attics fell in the year of Christ z 4a, is not.
z 41, so it would Fastorum founders. Reforms in the Fatti, the former.
Consult a pair of year 2 4o cast. The first games Neroniamus.
3. Iulianae 477 year period will not match another conflict Nero goal.
The Pythian onto isthmia Aetis, celebrated in the ongoing Olympiad.
c CXI. But, do not think the posterity of a constant. Pythium is Aool.
line, and AKTION AIIOAAONA fefe called præcepifîè tcfles.
Xiphiline equal and equivalent thereof.
500 1000 e r o e r o n e 1 A N N 100 E N S and D.
P E A S E 100 100 VII O N E F O R R 1 S may move 5 M.
50 N 500 E B O O Romeo rumors that Christians be incenfæ fubdidissè.
Nero is the author of the guilty heart. Silence, and this contributes to the season.
ConfulatumC. Lecan and M.Licini: quieratannus Julian CIX ,.
V 1 1 1 lunar cycle, Christ lxiiii. Accordingly, the same year and fecun.
While the amusement Nero cclcbratum and fupplicium of Christ.
istian.
Succeeding vD E N 500 A r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 b. V. 4 »,.
A stianisfumptum, in 4777. He adds the same period Iulianae Christianity.
