 Accordingly, the day was that of τόμίη β} εμας ,.
is not done; im e cixg3. So κατ 'αὐτων. τ; σá Eioa, nosue @ twy X3 'Maksim \ la ;.
A7r λλαλε314 £ 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Aude ^ αμ7.Nam here for ten days above the form Juliana are as A.
above the seventh. Why is not understood. .
E S E N 5 500 100 5 50 500 O 100 O N S A T V.
T 1 50 1 100 H O N ES.
ArcelliNvs Comes: Indiäione 3, Stilichome 2. Or & 5.
 Themis c o s s. It was the year of Christ 4o5. An old address.
Christian huiufmodi exists Rome.
C O N T A S V 50 V. MF S H O N T 51 100 1 St.
N 500 100 5 200 500 e s o e p o s t 1 5 S P VE R. IB.
H E Li's. A RGE nt rivs. s e PTIMV.
JKA L. Nobembris ie B 500 R E S S E A S 1 edge Evarts.
OV Bixier anni T 1 R 1 G iNTatur E E E T T EV 1, Nev 500 ies.
y e t t was prepared myself well RE S R E N T 1 PACE.
In Christ 4o 5, vii Kal. October. He was on Thursday, in the cycle of the sun.
3 "xn. But this is a weekday 6. After the year of Christ 4o6 and confequen.
Stilicho Confulatus three times in the year that he spoke of Christ, there happens to be, it is not in the.
4o 5 that he wanted Marcellinus comes. But if true ynum joy.
Consult shall be equal to the expunétum confulatum Aufonij and.
Stilichonis productive. I do not know what to say here. Nor is it that C.
Two years ago productive confulatum Stilichonis writes Cassiodorus ,.
I understand: A A A 504 c s v. H O N T E R V o s v. Jhis c o s s. Po.
When the troops under control Stilichomem Bear line maintenance soil.
Claudian Panegyricus, is extant, however, about the war with the Getae, who had come to internally.
the townspeople to his army hurried to Pollentia, of Alaric, when there appeareth small CAEFS, ipsum, however.
Reik, together with a few had fled a man is rich. Why does this man say, where the two witnesses.
It was arranged between fc should tame the fighting, do they? But why force it to be memorable.
& Tori silent zofia the praise Stilichonis fate profuf, fiquis.
Volume sings the same is true? Of course, from this force with the deep, in the ancient writers.
& Tori filentium. Profper the words of Cassiodorus seems to correct, either.
profpera wrongly interpreted from a Cassiodorus, rather, ca: A r c a d
500 1 o v. E O R T H ON: 1. v. cAduerfùs GOTTHI polentias worried.
2menter vtriu / of the disaster that was conducted. COOPER then Stilicho.
But it was the Kαδμείσ νίκm, for the sake of which the whole, it was Claudius'.
uzxegi; OwX £ s; owÄã. 1 1 behaved in Symmachum hardly the word you.
delibauit less.
--Inhumata bodies still widely ,.
an infamy of Pollentia would laid the beams of oßbus fields.
ClaudianusD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 5 * § 1 BV.
A Claudianusipfe and prudently in this disaster happened to say tricefi.
year after Gotthī Danube traieéto Thrace Fefe no.
the matter of the sea and of the gushing essudit. But when Confulatu Aufonij to.
 control lustiniani, all the pairs Consult & terifmis The properties are highly prized.
diétionum desirable exaétissime marked with Maroellinum count would be done.
it is impossible for any fault of that excellent is the case in the Chronicle of Confulares. Err.
Therefore at that time in the title of the Christian, that we added. That ft.
"Spelling that epigraphes confideraueris not be surprised Cow.
by him for that year would be unknown to the Fule, as the Latin he did not know to write.
It really was Confuli could be ignored himself are the same year since.
Confulatum area. Confulatus Stilichonis most abundant fecu.
Btus is Confulatum fextus Honorij.Annus truth, those who went before him of Con.
fülatum fextus of Honorius, he goes off in a cycle of the Moon, for the fifth time, and so on.
and in the year of Christ 4o 3. Then fextus Confulatus Honorijinci.
Christ himself in the year 4o4., and confequenter fertile Stilichonis m.
4o the stone 5. male, who was seven Kalen. October was said to be.
sixth victory. For this does not happen, in the year 4o5, but in the year 4o6, v t.
ostenfor it. That year, which has approximately the sixth Honorijconfula.
as well as taken previously, it has become the fifth cycle of the moon, so can we demonstrate. Ho.
norius on the first of January, by which the Confulatum fextus his affability, and he selected the city.
he came in: on the day which, he says, Claudian, bringing a high favor with which they are.
Some agency, the previous day, and the result of December rains.
Cinfestassent Luna rough, that is, the 4dai, 4 'jyf »gie. As dr.
mindedly going to fall on December nouilunia, or, as Ipfe poetalo.
provided, Moon raw, this system does not allow orbit, except in those years.
fifth cycle. However, in so depromemus of local versus Panegyri.
y 1 Confulatus Honorij. .
Yourfcif vote supported their usual graceful air ,.
guamuis constant mod em fædauerat spray ,.
Prince and $ Olu rays to determine / a remount.
£ cloudy weather, rainy account for the charge.
Before a day of the moon to wet the topmost SW ,.
In order to féruatum 500 ßirent vault feremum.
And so we brought backwards, so it helps to credit and eludercmus ho '.
mine idiot scratched, and that Studiofi reason to become accustomed to the season.
cy, or the astronomy monstrationibus Chronologicis by the following method.
Clorox. How are natives, and the sentiment that instruction cycle.
Laugh.
II516 1 5 500 e e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
E 5 1 500 1 100 50 V S O N A T I O N O N A L 1
v G vs T as the Basilica of Trier PAULINIANUS huiufmodi out.
tat address disgracefully dcformata that work. it should Leinster.
damputamus, below the pofuere. E / 3ασε κάτα, Evsséæ ά άςόη.
$ Iee9xæpúti arts, Xao Kópun6.
Aόσείαν, άτοτα μικο} ν € N € A KEIL erceBIA en E 1 grams