
detecting, and which I called for a long time fruftra the matter had attempted to while they are not inuc.
the limited resources of the moon fpatia finished, doncc Tctracterida.
oëtaeteris O & taeterida Enneadecactcris, his first Calippica ,.
Calippicam poftremo Hipparchea changed, so that the final am.
the best ends, and veriffima. The openly declared degrees.
infinuaffe the minds of the Greeks, indeed, the objects of mathematics, can in no Gods.
) 1) daeo, in no Egyptian leading the way, the Babylonians ipfos was just me.
The solar Lunar Monimcnta lack of memory and learning.
conferuaffe, of which the cauff also of the Gentile quæfiuerint, which he brought from yourselves.
To the Chaldeans, have not been able to learn, with the cas to be unaware of. With joy.
The Chaldeans in ancient times to be a merely Lunaribus vtcrcntur mcnfibus ,.
the movement of faith acting in this way, no special skills, the Fed only obscruatione.
* ®dwa c, with a long course of vfu didiciffentLunam the vndetri.
thirty, or down to the smoke, and thirty days conficcrcfolcrc: ncque before.
Ingo i \ G98, 1 o s s c a r e p h 1. 1 C E R 1.
new moons, and in the vfum political order were to eat, rather than φαοιν obfèruaffent. A.
That is so true that even today, the Muhamcdani holds.
I have a period of years, and are highly prized and terifmos menfium in Al.
menichiis the gift, described with tamennon they wish to be admitted to the first new moon, and ,.
which, fiquidem to become a poffit, its birth, the Moon was contemplated fint: wherein you stand.
confpeéta immediately TRACTATIO month. In the old and doing the same thing.
DAEI as alibidemonftrabitur. In fine, Quodii touched attend.
täbant Chaldeans, who exobferuatione φασεως two menfes now cauos ,.
now fully continued. The case of those terms with the uncertainties of nco, therefore, Fati.
meniarum system, while the Greeks Calippicam period and cycles.
enneadecaetericos learned in decimononopoft epoch Calip.
pl hoceft vicefimoanno first periodiCalippicæ and fertile period B.
Alexandria cycle feptimo Sunday, the fourteenth year period.
Iulianae 44o3 just before the epoch æquinoótij autumnalis.Neo.
tifrum walls Jew was 3 451. 4. 4. 827. September 2 5. PyanepfionCa.
lippicus year 2 O, feriaquarta Matt Septemb.Itaq; coincides with Judas.
co. cauffa that was more like it in his native campaign period ,.
How fuperiore, which was to end in remotiffima Aequin and turned.
In addition, the lunar year is more convenient to begin vifus East.
From early autumn or elsewhere for half a year moon.
177 days were the autumnaliautem æquinoétio the spring funtdies.
178. So the fore fequente æquinoétium starts new moon be.
Aequin and turn the seven fall equinox. And this finedubio forged C.
'Convenience fpeétarunt ancient times in the year inftituenda. So at first.
Hyperberetaei ​​Chaldaici belongs to the moon of the first month.
Hyperberetæi productive Seleucidae. In short, he differeth nothing from these pc.
riod from the Syromacedonica, nor Abefita embolifmorum, or historical epoch.
New Moon, but only a number of years, and menfis embolimaei.
order. For years, this period starts from the ongoing Seleucidae.
This is the first Hyperberetaeus Babylon is Hyperberetaeus fč.
The second Syromacedonum. S ballet, however, does not fextus from the menfis.
Solftitiali menfe components, such as periodoSyromacedonica, but last term of the year, this.
Next to the front Hyperberetaeus. In the 8z Babylon ,.
Fifteenth moon starts four days before Kai. March, p.
Julian bifextili. Fare to pass the seven menfis. And it was.
Syromacedonum seventh year of fruitful period, needed embolimaeus.
Is not the seventh day of the mense, intercalary, or fexto. Therefore, the end of the year.
lap protector. During this period, the most famous among the Greeks and Chaldean.
"Roman was because propofita intervention has been rising and when the occasion.
fuum% φαρούω and corundcm fignification. The ágaryua.
'Calling fuiffe fupr said. Therefore it had to fignification ftel.
•. 'T. . . • • seagull.
.
j1 of the wings was to Columella, Pliny produce teftes the Chaldeans, the Assyrians were, or ,.
';.
1; ^ /] Tifie Σg; t 0te.
2 <o., "O] Marchefvan | ^ '9' 2.
3 | dScao] Caflew | ατελαίω 3.
4 A> l] ​​Tevet aJjuto '| 5.
$ J \ ^ o] scebat z $ ing) 6.
6 5: 1 month. Jösg © 1] ,.
> | J.] Nifanius 3ανδικός 2.
8 <a.co] Siwan dςτεμίσθ 4 |.
9 iijam ri [d) ajoiG 5.
1 called "Oz | Thammuz παῖςμ®. ';.
$ 1] | ἈδG) ^ i
, | | | \ O>] | £! U! , Yogaij® 3.
• 1. i52 \ Os ​​...] One of Elul. ... | Yognouo; d% reg93. '5.
Or say the cam ftcllam rise, or when even be on the set in the morning ,.
or Affyria, do not carry out these requests Parapegmata of this they were compelled to doubt.
5 & ​​Syromacedonum the gods defumpta effect each year on average.
for instance, and is capable of being purely Gentile, the lunar vfos fuiffe example of Athens.
c nienfium, Macedon, and the rest of the Greeks who duplician.
no vtebantur, as we have said, even ordinary people to ravage the equable, there came wise men.
layers of the Moon, which attics% x3 "(exfilw, also ἐάς τςυά.
stop calling you. But the Chaldeans vfos do not doubt that only a single act of sexual Lu.
summit, as did the Jews that it is written for the first year.
to have the whiteness, although he had previously vfurparent from the obferuationem or by another.
way. But this was done for both the Jews, the Chaldeans this period, rather than a thing.
at the start of the Solar epoch, indeed, have retained for the year, held on the xae £ Xa.
