
riæ cauff confcij, these ineptiisexplofis say that the annumnon.
book is found, but the Jubilee fuiffe tricefimo. But is this the eftlitcmlite dc.
cidere.Nam, quomodoIudæiannos the Jubilee think that Iubilca.
numquamvfurparunt? At the week duration, vtinam.
tioxx V 1 1 1 prediction mention fèptimanæ fourth year, Imitio rgmi.
Sedekia, ammo fourth. Anniprimi mentioned again and fecundiin years.
x 1 1 1 1, and XV Ezekial, with thirty Ifaiam 1 1, 3o. However notation.
preserving Jubilee imone Iubileiquidem mention Nufquam, save.
In the arguments. The commandments, so much, have not been received the day of Jubilee obfe.
uatio. But what hæcplumbcaIudæorum fententia a XV 1 1 1 lOfi.
Jubilee believe? Putantura in the first year of the Jubilee of the week, it is not.
by feptimo. But XT 1 1 1 Iofiae feptem feptimanæ was not the first.
Why, if the moscffet believe the jubilee year, it will not be used this year.
tricefimus that fed vndetricefimus Iubilci, a xv 1 1 1 1, and also a.
xv 1 1 1 Iofiae. Finally, it was the year of the exceffus Mofis 8 6 2 8 § 5a.
diuifioneterræ% from the flue *% £%. Therefore, it was VICEF fruitful in bringing, it is not.
vndetricefimus Jubilee. See how many errors there præpoftere fumptibus.
nobispeperit. Therefore, neither of the book found the quodeftab.
furdiffimum, nor from the Jubilee he shall, quodeft false in two ways, the same Triccos.
the dung of the year, we think that he is made 5 fcquitur, can not be denied that, from the.
some regetunc ruling deemed effe.Namdeportati & ca.
Among the winners of parties, quaepocha vtipoffunt, nifivictoris: In Palaefti.
na had any effect Rcfpublica Jews and Ecclefia well with one another.
sheltered Jews were forced to use AlexandreodominorumSeleuci year.
it is clear: how much more then of the Chaldeans, inmediaChaldæa, nullislegi.
the bus, there is no Republic, there is no Ecclesia. Nehemiah was thus beginning the book.
fcribit: vaccidit menfe Casleu.amno vicefimo when eßemincaflro $ U / AM.
Sialibinon cxpreffiffet be the viccfimo year Arthasastha speak not.
dubicaliquod Jubilee hiccommenti effent unfit for Jews and ine.
ptiquidamhominum noftrorum fequuti cffet. Eodemquoq5 no.
doloquitur Ezekielamnotricefimo, nonadic and to the nomine.Quid.
it was in the Hebrew, Chaldee, for the work? Duoergo Rcgcs together orders ,.
Nabuchodonofor, and he, who had already Tricefimo year of the runner.
His authority. Quifham O king, live obfecro, has been able tricefimumannum INRC.
gnoagere, since it Nabuchodonofortertium dccimi ruling ?.
Nonalia that the addition Nabopollaffàrumpatrcm Nabucho.
donofori that is true. For twenty years, ruled folidos x 1;.
"• teftcP R E C O O 50 E 1000 N A. 10 1 1 {.
tefte Berofo.Quodfi filiuset annoxxx patrisii twelfth place.
abfoluerat happens to rule cæperitanno father decimooétauo ,.
He was Nabonaffari 14o. For the first Nabopollaffàri cli 1 2 3 Na.
bonaffàri, teftibus to the Chaldeans, with Ptolemy, the, from the lack of Lu.
obferuata nose. He was arrested in proindc Sedekias 1 5 8 Na.
bonaffari, third and fourth Olympiad 47.Vide has spoken Jerof in Jo.
fEph. Nabopollaffarus of Egypt, he sent forth a son, having heard of him, rebcllione.
When regioimperio and regioexercitu have this moment stands out is unfair.
tiumNabuchodonoforicumpatreregnátis.Mos was RegumBaby.
Loni and fraudulent, for example, or profeéturi troops sons of kings.
clararent, or on an expedition to shoot the cumregio the name of the, tan.
quamdefignatos, if contigiffet ipfum father die, way off to the Son, lest he.
humane about the future of the confusion arises. Example habemusapud.
Herodotus about Cyrus Cambyfem the leaf fuum locates insurmountable.

 peaition the Scythians. Ctefias Cambyfi here attributed the age of 1 8 ,.
However, when alone and to regnarito years old teftibus all.
Greek, and Chaldean yourselves with Ptolemy. Daria was whether bastard.
3, attributes nosidem 5, while only 19 folusimperarit.Rurfus Beroi.
bus xx 1 1 1 years, said Nabuchodonofòrum impcraffe com.
namely 1 arranged in 3 years, he communicated with his father, koumi.
those whom you were alone in the command of the tranfegit, 'Then why Nabuchodonofori reality.
Abel said nonSatrapian, like his father did not vtSatrapes, fedRex.
& Fociusimperijin rebellesmiffus. His words are these: Συμμίζας.
δ Nz £ zodo, 6029; τω λέτη έ έχαζαμάρ when re éxvgi and / za, and.
τῖα) χάegyè% 2g "} ς άύ'τω Aj £ GAA mallow & toinra. Viâorebelli her.
region kingdom / AO / ùbiecit.Moxfubiicit, Nabopollaffari father's death.
You who reigned for nine years folidos, ipfum Babylon faith.
contuliffe: It is accidental to it, without doubt, a number of the days, after He hath ib.
So the Ezckielc defignatum. Obiitenim year Nabopollaffarus guilty.
gnifuixxx. τό τε τότε σιτε συά Naάλαarijg 3% τὸ καθ.
άμωςήτωτι ἐν τῆ Baa όίων πόλά μ ^ %% α / τύριον, ἐπ άααιλ & κότι.
eìxoq άγία.Pulcherrima this cftobferuatio than Berofòvernaculo.
Βabylonicarü the fcriptori debemus.Eadem the lender Eufe.
The prgparationccuangelica sharply, as clearly NA% πολέπιφοι we.
admodumeftapud Ptolemgum by name o'clock λλαοχα29%, for example.
his bag, and is published in the Iofephus: from the time when the foolish what duoseffe got mixed up.
Nabulaffarum & Nabopollaffarum5cumtameneadé the words of the most desirable to be not.
vnaquidem fyllabaminus, præterillud name. Again with Iofe.
phumlib.x ca.II.eadem the Jerof repetuntur.Sed vbihic eftNa.
