
imperitissimis quibufque no one leading the way to the end of the observation error.
Can varieties. However, at the end of the day, intercalabant adieétionc, which work of them.
Hierophanta quintoquoq5 in the company and toproprima Thoth, fruitful.
took the Lord, throughout all the observation of the heavenly. Example: if at first.
year> & 9a0%, that is, the rising moon was obseruatus Thoth ,.
She was named the new Σόδι3 a solid quadriennium.quinto.
Thoth was Σάδις incuntc sccunda year. And so on through.
ties together the whole year, the Egyptian peruagabantur per year.
] Cos in 1461. again, the absolute values> δόις and down neom.
"Cnia Thoth. Here we have demonstrated elsewhere in this fated taste.
Only it was. Therefore, they did so at the end of the day, adding intercalatio.
| valid for xä3i5 always stuck in the same epoch, that as.
| observe, the day of menfium they were with the same name of the Gods, Heroes' ,.
| Vcterum & Kings as a year Perfico displays. So> δόις.
was of the surname of the whole space of four years, by the authority of that God, the hero, or, in the.
whose day it had fallen. Do not doubt of the Gods, too, menfes ipfos ,.
& Heroes were named. For both day and menfes Egyptians.
some of the book with the same name had been mentioned by Herodotus ongoing :.
μek τε Κ ημign ½ m $ AOW άτόω and i. profeeto Thoth first menfis it.
• Egyptian who Egμῆς Greeks. Pharmuthi out in nominc.
Dveteris King Aegyptij Mifpharmutofi. Meroë, but it is here ,.
Egyptian nomcn he gave what is still a popular party.
great city of Kairo. Hebrew is called μετegiu Eyb. IIajii.
without doubt, is the FYA, in which the Patriarch of surnames, the name of the Iofephus.
frankincense was from. Paophi & Pachon steps to retain their names.
Paphnutius own hands, and Pachomius. Epiphi precisely that.
Ezra40 Greeks, son Ifides things and Io. NABONASSAR then ,.
Nabonazaron Cenforinus, whom He calls, and He began to look after the king of Babylon.
KK 4 rare.
3392 1 1 O S P H E S C A L E R G 50 1
Julian, the rare periods of the year 3967, Iphias 29, as shown A.
it does not need, with so many years, a noteworthy fact of fate, and pointing to the examples of cclipfium them.
They give it stands out from the start of the cycle of the moon x V, Sunday and 19 ,.
Xx February 6 on Wednesday. 3. Blow up 2 O 3 was the world.
Zygon 3. 17. 3 3 ', Kai. October. Blow Ichthyonos 20 5 1 Fe.
bruarij, almost 1 1 1 1. The same with the new Thoth. Blow up.
Rrionos Matt March, Friday, which coincides with the new Pao.
Phi. So it was a noble one year Ægyptiacus the new Thoth & 1.
Phaophi meeting with the new places. Why is not.
no doubt, why the prince of the Chaldeans spoke to him, have instituted a new Neuruz ,.
Epagomenon set and the moon in twenty of March, as the sun.
but always with some big Enthronifmo King. In the year B I.
Daicus 3 O14. 5. 23. 734 of Adar, day of the week fextus, Fcbruarij xx 1. And so,.
THOTH is fallen into the power of the new moon, the month Adar. Luke Nifanius end in March. .
Blow up the Paophi vii Nifanius. As the Olympiad.
history of the bus, so it Nabonassari years in custody and astronomy.
We refer undertaking. And just as the temple of Jupiter Olympij game.
Rum calendar of Greece was Pliny wrote that way.
Even former observation bow this epoch contains.
the memory of which berof, Hipparchus, Ptolemy, the & Epigenes of us?.
performed. Even today, the addition of Ptolemy and was Ccnforino k.
neither shall the sole of the, no trace, in the rods. For the Jerof & Epigene _ *.
itascribit Pliny, book 7, ch. Ivi. E diuerfa Epigenes Babylo 100 ff.
mios 500 c twenty years in an obßruationes fiderum coäilibus bricks.
have written and taught by, a heavy growth together in the first place. In lieu of $ I / 65 s.
Critodemus c c c eighty years old. C c c eighty years from Nabonafi.
Lvi are of the year from the death of Alexander, faro, and about this time of the ferof;.
flourished, which corresponds more or less in Antioch 3 x 1 1 goriog ;. .
Dicauit of three books e boa ^ ®12xów Antiochus 7) © that on.
fuccessit waste. Auote Tatianus. The parchus Pliny the same book.
1 1. After running into them vtriufgue Fideris / excemtos years ago did say Other:.
Parche, Menfo people diefque, Oh hours and fitus places, and LEVEL:.
the peoples of the embraced. But even vfque for six hundred years **.
And few further, eclipfes denotassè, fèilicet from the beginning grams Nabonaf
far, to his stature, but was already observed by others, it has explained, Inönü.
, however, did say, though in the future, and many other praecine po.
tuisset. Moreover, he who Salmanassarum the same with the Nabonafîàro fa.
but renders the walls, do not notice, that he was not Salmanassarum of Babylon, but of the Ni.
Niuar been made. NABONASSAR, however, was the King of Babylon. Which ,.
the thing we will give the arguments of the three most certain. First, as the first part.
nomina na o The Kings Chalda Cora does not Afjyriæ flue.
 fàn.D from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v y. 393.
A {or. And in turn saline 1000 A N A N A S AR nominisSALM first part is.
Of the kings of the Assyrian army, not of Chaldea. The second argument is.
Not all the aspects of that astronomical together out of Assyria, fed from the Gods.
ness, and indeed the main city of Babylon, pctum. Why Epo.
