
safeguarded. Ignorance of the true hidden equal time to act.
The Goths Chlodoueo French king deleted, which also Sarraceno.
Many thousands of non Charles Martel. Also, when Charles grandchildren.
NMagni to Fontenacum much fanguinem famous French name.
competed. This is the fane has never taken out in respect of want.
, Monuments. How old complain? Here again the true year.
And days taken Muhammede Turkish Constantinopolcos ignored ,.
May we ask, the way of the Studiofi, which all the grace of promereripof.
angles and in the annals Confulumcorrigendis and other things for a while.
Rum doctrine do inuestigandis. Nosquod could have received.
ID mouse, and has tenusquatuor & librisomnium countries in the times.
descripfimus not only the civil, as far as it would forget the things of the Eternal God.
Uion disregarded debris could dig into the light, but also the way.
a limit to what those people reasons and Julian.
Civil nostriscongruere days, and compared to each other. Left.
now, as the chronology of the whole orbe travels and rctro omncm.
ancient times, and the beginnings peruagantem, errantemque tan.
quamhofpitcm, aliquamcthodo leader, the first quasi home dcdu.
CaImllS ;.
£.
*.
ῦ.
\ O s e p h 1 358 50 1 1 S C A G E R 1.
snaffle so that the old age Annals Fastos who reads it can be different.
when it is, where there is a, so to know, not to be forced always to be absent. Deindc.
whose soul, as in the fpccula instruetis of all of this abundance which his Fasti.
the times, is situated there. Just as local interval.
is received by public almoft of the nations, to distinguish them by certain signs for confenfu.
is said, that thousands of miles away in Italy, for example: in Greece, about two miles away, in the Treacherous.
parafàngis, which is today eagente remanet in Syria Schoen ;.
France and Hifpania leagues, which still retained in Germany.
Rustis, for her heart is with Jerome; the fic are the signs of a certain woman, by which the.
, the dimensions of the times, they can be distinguished: that which is at any rate not in an equal.
Bus crossing each other to spend their thing in question can just as then, the measure and those parts, that is.
the roads were distinguished in the bus we have said, from the nations, æquales they are: but, because B.
ossicus intervals, at times notable is the same thing, that they are in.
Cities blazed to be divided regions. And for those of Cities.
teruallorum Menfuris in equal measure, we are accustomed. That the dance.
graph by means of stadiafmos from the vibe, to move to another small list, they do, the same thing no.
Twice per year performance from period to period. Between them.
ualla Greek ἐποχας call that those fistantur and determined.
then, the measure of the times. Cenforinus titles and indices. Three of them.
there are the mini, or by that distinguished to see the result, so that from the flood, or from the place of a noble, v t.
the destruction of Troy from the city of finch from the founding of the Temple Salomonici ,.
derive from the colon, or the noble beginnings of Kings and Princes ;.
he a Nabonassaro Diocletian, or from religious ceremonies and C.
prescription, it should from the first game, at the Olympic games, from the Hegira. Eiufmodi we do not.
is at any rate all things, but the more noble things felegimus: and so call for the borders of being observed.
, busy with all other things intericcta be marked by the good of others more, or investigated or pofIint.
Now as the old boys expofita Monument increased.
the rattles they bind up which, cumadulti CfLem, should be acknowledged, which is.
Greeks are subject to γνωδιαμα% alcohol, so even these cpocha.
Rum marking their fedulitatem ought to follow. & yvoeigua ?.
to the hand and which year, DC in question, so once Ale & O.
reagnoscatur as the baby's parents. For it will always epo.
ChÆ Characters fuum and ought to set a signal, both Cy.
clum course, the Sun and Moon, and when system demand is D.
diétiones. For, as any were admitted not long ago hofpites the end of the ticket, so.
The chronology of the Credo eddies and fine man. In this the greatest diligence.
not only to correct the errors of our ancestors, those who in this handsome.
VFI slit method is never equal, but also that confequemur, Vt.
In the future learning abilities similar example of exactly Sec.
is more certain, than our ancestors did, and at intervals of time, &.
inucstigcnt their ends. NC is one mistake for long.
"Gamda E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 359.
I do feriem and woven epocharum fuccresceret, all the dice.
Julian is established that in fact we have and tenusfaétum.
above, and to notify the methods faith Julian period only.
ßdaayoy and pains at the end of the year, as slack Julian ,.
The writing of the Chronologica fineanno Iuliano.Magnoenimbeneficio.
C.Caefarc was given to us by the anniforma, principles not all of Heaven.
Tell us, but also a faithful guardian of times before Cæsar that.
nothing could be more suitable, nor vfui of popular favor, nor to the remembrance of the thing.
Rum conferuandæ suitably imagined. Before we are in.
teruallorum times are articulated, computer art quofdam years.
ficial display, decided to make their arguments. Are.
Bauta two four period Julian, a calculator Jewish ,.
compiiti two of Constantinople. .
A *.
500 o 500 o E P E R 1 1 5 50 1 A N A.
E r 1 O DVM years dxxxii of each cycle, the Sun and Lu.
