 A.
Ύ 500 1 c t o C. Cæfaris years of reform drove all about.
East would form years, are embraced and even from.
* The autumn of the year confusion were those which initially Alexandreo vteban.
be as Antioch: a fear of Arabs and hagarena. And anti.
taiwanae to vie for contracts in the computation of Julian years.
Blow Hyperberetæi sport, by analyzing the old Alc.
xandreorum tifrum from the previous one. Arabc & Hagarcni have done just that.
Rum of the year Julian confurgebant from Kai. Of January, of the year, however, hagarena.
And Lunar spring. So they instituted a period of 2 years from 28.
a. d. 3 of March of the year lduum confusion, the cycle of the Moon, 13, of the Sun xx ,.
namely, starting from the end in the fifteenth year menfis c sixty A. B.
LEXANDRI. In this regard yet clear traces on the computer.
Samaritarum who had nothing menfibus hagarena use the vfu.
Ecclefiastica, for the pure Arabian, that is posed, no.
embolifmi intervention, those years of confusion suppose the spring of the year ,.
that is, from the new moon fifteenth c sixty Alexandra. For a triple.
period had less than thirty years old who are free from that.
they think nothing of the hours and minutes and the distance of the moon fuperessè. Tajg% $.
ia;}; awózozx%.% i% Aeg £> (*). %%% * f "v *% *% vXaì χύ; %.
338% and the Exe II, hixa 3 dvés Mazur Xai & Maxx AIIO çi ;.
τ'u) Ma hyaido. $ O 33% vol) μ 3% * p; evrv άλμ & j3naav, *} o μῖες.
§ * 10 * I o viz ¢ 4aweig); 2g £ uouùra e zassres ol μετελμωοέ τῆ μή C.
44 {3}; 336), p 232) £ άτις τότε huíeg. ιχ τídgm, xass fly that g lw.
<J; E άχεσιν 2gz'u '£ μ'ινός, ἀτ'uixæ ft (φωί αὐήδς, η δ τ, and τη φύτω.
$ Uéag, 5 Lu). After another fi o o 21% υτων λgχή Mεχα larger anμ339. g UV. • 3 2c x and μ. .
Romans, of course, out of the seven compofito adapted to children, which kept the feast of reality.
deunt in the world by force, that is hebdomadicam we call. Maxi.
The solar tax 2 28 years, 2; 5 Arabian when Mu.
I wandered with him, Harry returned to the same by means of the general context of the year of the solar.
day. The Samaritans were the years of confusion, therefore, from the Jewish Nifanius, to the Nifanius.
The Jewish year of 1584, they took for years. O9 pe.
Rio hebdomadicam mounts. For the distance between the old Julian.
Rum 1 629, which are Arabic end of the year 1679, the day on which X 1. D.
the bus and led back seven times were laid in recent years, the remanet, o9 of years elapsed ARA.
O & Taua hebdomadicam bici period. Accordingly, some of the Jewish Nifanius you may begin.
they believe that 21 year period, or Lunar O & Taua. They use it.
in the year ended, and the periods of old, the greatest hagarena.
Rum, Calippicis maximum period consists of three periods: a.
you have a copy of the book of the ongoing, for the sake of the convenience of the beginning, from the.
Alexandrco first year of the plan, while nevertheless Tell moon.
DISC-500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 519.
From the out of tune from the Alexandras, for the sake of one of the day aegofiufaaiv αελωαω ,.
for example, can initially agreed with the old Julian. Because by then.
It is true, begins not from the Autumn of antcccdente, femps years on Alexander.
Dreis adding unity; DC rcliquis the 2 periods of 28 years.
lead. Hagarena to remain in the current year period noule.
inhibits adapted to Juliana, who are fewer in number fi of the year, more than 77 ,.
• If Calippicam belong to the first period of less than 153 ,.
deducted 76, but the rest of an individual for a period of fruitful love. If the vote.
which there are more, than 1 53, 152 deducted, the rest belong to the.
Calippicam third period, to have a plane on the board. Year.
Christ was 62 2 933 Alexandria. In addition there unity, abieétis whole of it.
2 Β the bus 28, there remains a twenty year period hagarena 1 Iuliano composer.
which flows out of the three times 76 years, that is to say, out of the three periods of Calippicis, who is regularly quoted.
xx 1 with the same angles within 77 years, belong to the first period.
Calippicam. In the first menfis Ramadhan xx March, weekday.
VR 1, the cycle of the XT. Therefore Muharram fequens Friday, the sixteenth of July.
Here begins the first year of Hegirae Muhammcdicæ, Julia year period.
næ 5; 35 The year 4571, Karkinon xx 1 v 1. Zygon z. 1 2. 45 ',.
West. 1. xx Jewish year 4382, from the third, whose charaeter 4.
6. 1 1 z x July 1. Nabonafiar 137 years Oh, Choiac xxv1 1. 1 year.
667. Julian 71 years Armenian Sahami XXV. That is.
some write, facram fancitam the day Friday. Muhammede ,.
100 is the first of Muharram hegirae Thursday Characters 1, and corn.
equal phases. For it is not by the institution of the more Muhammedis the day of Venus, ,.
How circuncifio. vtrunq; For a nation of time on it. on the.
reaudi the Christianicuiufdam from his book on Muhammedifmum ,.
be made out he cites the Belouacenfis: the nations of India, of the two, by which we are called ZE.
`HI A 1000 100, G5 ALB and A R A C H v 1000 A (c, *, ...] A R A C B A Ni 1000), old.
confuetudo was naked and bald, big / J vlulatus perfonantes / s.
The devils and idols around the corners of the O / € ulari and throw Ia.
Dropides piled in which he / honor for a long time extruebatur. Then it.
efl, that in the book of Solomon it is said: He that by throwing a stone into a heap.
Â4erturij. And doing this twice a year, $ ole / éilicet exifiente in.
the first degree of caerietis, 65 again, when he was in the first degree of Libra; this.
