fintfyzygiæ ninety noucm fi # 12 to 29 hours a day unverified has.
deterred modumvniusveræ Oétaeteridis 2 9 2 3 days, 12 hours, which eftdi.
midius days. Accordingly, two Oétaeteridibus three days fupereruntfu.
rationcsSolis premises, and confequcnter the vigintiO & taeteridibus are equal.
aXXot / d \ xoxemjJ \ £ ten, thirty fuperabunt dies, which is mcnfis integrate.
ger.Quare of Eudoxus, from the period of the great conftat Oétaeteridibus vigin.
ti, or Heckaedecaeteridibus the ten, one of which takes place on the last purpose of diminishing.
thirty days. And hence the whole period Eudoxieft days' 5844.
they are praecifè year Julian i6o At 16 years, then thought better.
500 menfem dropped poffe than a day in the XIX metonic years. Which though.
inept than men. Inconfulto apace and so is the lead oétaeterida.
after enneadecaeterida metonic, quamiufte Enneadecaeteris men.
it is preferred to all O, with the taeteridi Dofar Metonis. Therefore fcripferit.
3 year Olympiad aming cycle of the moon on fextus, Sunday oétauo in.
ftituerit Oétaeteridis the start of the folenni Egyptian quodvoca.
they were late. Or late, which was cut at the time of winter.
finished, he asserts that the smelt, in exGcmino, it is not difficult to divine will happen, who will dics.
Iulianus7 O 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R G £ 50
 /.
Julian, it belongs to that time, if it should confide, to whom of the day menfis aj) º A.
»© Parapegmata fuoaffignauit diem of labor in the winter. For when.
Euétemon harvest and the start of the year fuum forgive you xxv 1 1 June ,.
A winter day centefimum oétagefimum up its count.
by Solftitio, only pulling the effects of labor for the fourth diemabruma EU & VC.
rumdie the winter solstice, vtnotatum eftin Parapegmatc Atticus, and Atticus to whom he agrees with that.
28 days of December. If, therefore, ioiaia then fell down in the winter solstice, ca ne.
ceffeeft incidiffein 28 December, although the real day of winter incidif.
EratannusNabonaffari set at 27, 383, 2 3 NeomeniaToth nine.
October, on the first day. Blow Paophi 2; December. Therefore ioiaia the VR.
IPaophi. However, two aduerfàntur. altcrum of which is, that it is not in men.
Fe Paophi seen fuiffe Iaiz ,, but in menfe Athyr who, poftcaquam B.
there was a, he meets with those of November Julian. But in November.
Iulianumconferütur ifia old poetain description menfium how.
In Cataleótis find noftem. There seem not, for of the Noucmbri so scriptum cft :.
This Carbafeopoft limbs dressed amiétu.
•% / emphidos old facris, deamque worships.
CAE is hardly eager / jiro comp £ / £ whether we go / or ,.
Deuotus / Mie / inhabitant sharp AMemphidiis. .
They are in the Athyr ifia openly, and not in Paophi. Other than that.
Reprehcndens fuifæculi double error that fempcr affignabatbru.
In accordance IfII roaming Nabonaffari year, the year before I 2 O in the winter.
cidiffe the ifia. Therefore from time to Eudoxi tempusillud, QUOFI li c.
Red fcribebat twin elapsed only 1 2 o. Proindc illc.
3. In this way Geminusfuerit 5o from the Nabonaffaro has been a year of far more ancient.
Parchus. I think that it is not. pofterior far it seems. To prions.
something which is rather dubitationcm rcfpondere poffunt, folenne at Memphis.
November was not nearly as ioiaia effects, but also gcoy OGIER / d®. For dqpdvio.
p.6; Ooi2430 session x v 1 1 Athyr, tefte Plutarchi cft.
x 1 1 1 Noucmbris Also needed Ooie / J \ @ mcnfe same celebration.
, namely, from the Calendar as conftat rufticum, that exftat in Rome, in the which they are.
In November, menfe to Athyr refpondet, sestum E vr e're no.
longed for cft.T% and gained Numatianus meminitinfuo Itinerary :.
And it may well evoke a crossroads rufiica part D.
AMulcebant / sharp spot on their sport. .
Since the last 1llo couch Ofir.
Arouses on the increase, albeit broad blades.
Paul previously had told J foluiffe after the rise of the Pleiades. It clearly no.
be- & gtoi withstanding) menfe of November. And furthermore, there were other things.
folcnnia Ifidos so that if push N 1 bird oivM menfe in March at the same Ka.
lcndarium & LACTANT. & Apnl. lib. 1. A vm p c = A x C, it was as AR 1 ,.
International 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E A T T P O R V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 7th.
A T E * A A A A PI menfe April. The other side of doubt, nothing at all.
The answer that we have. But this vtcunquc are, of labor.
Oh, and by the start of fumfit taeteridis fuse proximonouilunio after 28 Ten.
fever, this is a cli scebat Jew was 3 years; 96, the charaeter 3 2 3 7 6 z, e.
, Syria, the fourth, of December in the XXXI, as he was come, however, ncomeniaPofideonisem.
bolimi metonic delay prifci epoch dievno and tunceffetin.
Ikalis. Ianuarij. Then there began to be broken through Oétactcrida, IIOO {σεωφ d.
7ige d Ah, the head of Julian poftannos 161 precipitates vfquein.
Oh January 3. But ἐζαβάσά again in the last thirty days Ten.
"Fever returns, and so readily available when Lunaribus equal.
B E 50 100 E N T E R E A T H 5 S O 100 1 500 1 St.
E h o c is the reason conftant shaped. Approx.
Abeft not a true ἐκκαιδεκαετη2); Eudoxum. For real ἐκκαι.
d \ xzethek Jewish holiday of days equal 5847, as also Eudoxea and more.
414 hours, the exceffus fuperat Eudoxeam. But fyzygia not eftpræ.
cifes, having received the chronicles of the 29 hours, by 12,;: or, what is the same thing is, the days of 29.
+. (For this 29 hour a day. 1 2 than the 295 Oétacteridis fy.
zygiamconfummant.