 ).
TYR Olympic oxiMvM a period occupct the attic. fino.
of which the knowledges of all the ftudium inutilc cft proportional to the times.
Greeks. In the year since the DC Attic difputaremus 3 3 ^ two.
the role we RU) rfo & a4aigsaw, and the head of the period is twofold.
intcrprctationcm poftulat.Nam vidcndum & A quotempore and watery.
Monday dcduccndum cycle. And when he was naturalisratio poftulet components, such as.
tercalatio the end of the annireiiciatur, Reet him of the year menfem far as possible.
we, who are assigned to the intercalation. This, however, is Pofideon, whomsoever.
demonftrauimus of tea. Therefore Pofidcon is menfis grade, and Ga.
Melion, who had just been fcquitur, the prince of the menfium. Why start.
100 years attics impinges upon the season of winter. To remedy this they adftipulatur Teren.
rather, the masked Mythographi such things: • aeru / sponsor was banned at Bru.
moui main thing starts. For fcilicet prifci year, Atticus.
winter began. Comedy doubt very end APOLLODORUS.
Aiowoiok x taught? dyfè ;, mense Pofidconc, who are her neighbors make restitution before.
menfem yields of winter. However, you will Hecatombaeon than men.
f Olympiadic, the Greeks because of Olympia suppose fuá.
times. I admit. However, nevertheless, he said, but it is. For.
The context years old attics dcducitur winter. The masses of onion.
putaretemporaab Hccatombaeone, for the sake of Olympiadic endure the conflict of ,.
folftitium after the next full moon celcbrabatur. Therefore, when the rc.
500 is not true φώσά beginning of the year, but rather be $ components, such as circle :.
tamenliccat nobisprincipium it is natural to call it, vndeputantur of the year.
based on this. For the fact that the circle of the propofuimus dc, idomnino diffimilc.
geriodo than in Greece, which has a natural source, such as a tile.
nouilunio Tctraeteridis above the pofito solely potuifti. Nampri.
The first mum Tctraeteris confiderandum in the period, or after the first.
it will go into Tetraeteride, whatever conftet four years, omnesdiuerfà.
have nouilunia and the ciufdcm Tctractcridis conftituitur.
. . 1D 3. In cq.
τε42 * 1 * 1 s c a o s e p h e r 1 50 1.
in him is the new Moon, with respect to the rest of the nouilunia, quasi a kind of Fate's is Chryfip A.
peicatena break. So it is natural that we have called this principle.
Camus: another autcmab Hecatombaeon, Best said. of which.
Plato, the DC laws fexto: ἐπέω μάλλοι τὰ ἐμαυτός μ% $ * E *.
JAS aggravated divers äriörn ujui} μᾶς. Moreover, even Dionyfius ex Ephori.
Hecatombaeon popular conftituit menfium principcm in RA.
tion of the times. As the lion was captured τελωά% yo § A> G.
& IaXa% WA íuáegis A / rsg9 § 332j, agozik, άγάδη φδύοΧς μluę.
eayy xi% to A £ WOIO ci 3368, dyeoi. So double the start of the year.
Jewish; natural in the autumn. because from it is brought to the years of reasoning.
ends, and other civil ecclefiaftica a Nifanius. On the natural world.
the beginning of the speaking of this truth, so vtdiximus, in the brumaftatuendum B.
Bring it alone accounts above the adduétæ argumentofunt, but also is, to what.
the naming Dionyf. It captured the lion XT 1 1 dicbus.
make restitution before Solftitium, viccfima the third Thargelion. Solftitium was then.
The tenth Scirrhophorionis. After the tenth Scirrhophorionis fcribit fu.
v.
perfuiffe completed in twenty days. She rises at 1% fiai di) όιαὐ.
êxävov évzangâaau μ ^% tlu regτω άοαι ήμάegi. . If the end of the post.
Scirrhophorionis fecutus is just another caputanni: fancScir.
rhophorion have not had the flu and incidentals aiagx from £%. Therefore Tetractc.
RIS does not inftituebatur from the ancient Hecatombaeonc. For, as he used to teach.
Glaucippus is, άλάραλετα ήμάeg, were conferred on the on the end of the year to you. Scir.
rhophorion Cos dies nonhabetapud Dionyf, then Scirrhophorion C.
menfis is not the last term of the year. Consequently ncque Hecatombaeon exit first.
mouse. So it goes menfem τάς ύλάδαλλάσας habuiffc that.
I know it was last term in the aspect of periodi.Is, however, is Pofideon.quod.
to undo from the place of intercalation. Therefore Pofidcon had τας akigχ & ς and.
confeqenter Gamelion proximusab it was the first in mcnfis reasons.
Tetraeteridis prifci. Since then he has Pofideon τές aiagx and diversity.
I am, which in the past magiftratus crcabatur: cft there is no doubt, but that, so far.
got long as the veuluiav γαμπλιάφ 'magiftratus election, Ga.
melionipfe effect of the year. But poftca deference Olympick games ,.
Hccatombaeon starts effects of the year. With these animaduerfis, we must look ,.
anno0lympicocompetat whose head pcriodi atticae. Plutarchus fcri.
Chabrier bit about the battle of Naxos contigiffe ßond} ομιό & aeíufía.
43iov (zä ;, τω τόσσάλluoi. This time confcrtur in the first year.
mum Olympiad centefimæ initially with Eufebio, that is, Inanna.
Iphias 4oi.Quod fiplenilunium happened vicefimafextaBocdromionis :.
Therefore, it was on the fourteenth, or tertiadccima nouilunia menfis. And.
Boedromion give it to the third menfis.jVt nouilunia fall again.
x x 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 or menfis, that does not potcft contact, except in You.
 . • "... tractcridisD Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 43 B. i.
Atracteridistertio and proindc year of the first Olympiad is tertiusTc.
tractcridis atticae. Therefore, fecundumea, which infinediatribæ the period.
