
the place to be conjectured from the leaves of the bed 5 by a similar as far as and including the interval & le.
it should be. For the same manner expeétaffet after the seven days ,.
EMIFS the pigeon and others reuerfàm again after the seven days.
EMIFS. So Fane another forty days to add to them, and fic.
Quibusadde will enjoy a 351 x 1 1 1 1 The latter, which twice dove.
emiffa.Fiuntfine a doubt, on the thirteenth day of the 365.Postillos days, from the time when a dove.
100 did not return by her, shall I say, he thinks that the first day of the year fequens vefpera.
tie Mofes words at once, in one year and $ / excenteßmo Norway Nos ,.
The first dieprimi table, the waters are dificcata. Of course, the year of which I. u.
Melon nostril they perform poffint of menfibus equal and pie.
for the end, I do not see, and what is more important is that in the end of the twelve, menfibus.
tercalari. Then just a year old Jewish Chaldean ,.
or, what is the same, Ægyptiacus was: eumquc to some of the Hebrews called it.
Bity naujt, the year of days, that is uniform, όμοιλόν. League.
For out of an equal distribution of days, the end of the minutes. Similarly menfem.
με09 uniform and τειακον%) Op. v is called menfem days for you.
who can ever; and to the days of triccnis constantly being distributed into effet.
500 more correctly this fane interpretation of the effects will be able to do nothing. Certificates and Io.
Note deduction those who were working. That was a quarter.
temannotarent as Aegyptij on rising, the Chaldeans, and bear in AE.
and why a tio of spring, compels us to acknowledge at all the reason of Ipfa, when they had all these plates are a gen.
ing them to it, which are every where in this year, the form of the vtebantur. & Fane.
menfem intercalabant after 1 year 2 O, which bear Menfo MA.
and called for their great stone of Abel, and that circumstance was, however, were treated the Hebrews, & fpatium of the life of hu.
encompasses what else to explain fumes. Genescos Div. V 3. Because the truth.
T € OItìIIì2 3 2 2 '' 's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R 1.
/.
of them, unto them that sold wherever they could go, because I think that, after a number of diets A.
Exodus, when God commands him to sit in menfem first year.
to set up, which is very near to the spring æquinoótio effet. From that time.
 menfium names appear fuorum abieciffe or fortaffe from the beginning.
There were zero. Which is certain to establish poffunt. For Bui ,.
Ethan and ZIU menfium names extant in the first book.
Kings, but seem to Sidon, and Tyriorum not only Jews.
Rum fuiffe. For this reason, epoch in Hebræihabebant be broken through of the head of the year.
In Libra. When the head of the year fuperaffet thirty days without them.
one menfem Embolima the day of their march, the one to which we see, & ca.
püt of the year fequentis, placed him ἐπαγομέγας be less true: as always, one of 'em.
Bolio menfis in the same place, and in the same time of the intercalate, B.
but not in every menfes, so that he became one with the perf. The epoch of the year.
effet in Libra, he shows the Mofes, who commands us, τω σχωοτηχίω solemnization of the marriage.
Likewise audience rnygm nepna in turn elsewhere for the same thing to.
ordering said r.yn us? in the end of the year. out of the year given in the book ,.
after which the end of their bids oxlwo7m) {do a wider audience. The convenience loser.
the time of the new moon of the year of the Exodus Autumnal æquinoétium approximately fecu.
ta it. Why άτοιγόμ $ μα demonstrated in NE P & Magri were long.
in the autumn, nor beyond the epoch of the year thirty-dics anteuertebant ,.
Only after 1 and 2 years menfis intercalabatur so that the merit of the story.
has not stated, only the prefect from the number of the twelve menfium annis.
Alwaies and Solomon created. The O 2 years 1 year translated into C.
mullet Embolima menfem them. But to other people.
InllIIl, which, for the vfu here, the year was the form of menfium the same, the very same.
that the new moon, save trees ἐπαγόμ $ μa slight differences.
be designed to: the fic Hcbraeor when, in the Egyptian, and the year it was the same thing: unless beyond.
fortaffe where he rayógôpou differcntiam five days' designed around.
quafdam Hebrew and Ægyptiacasneomenias.Certiffimum is menfem.
him, which went forth out of Egypt, they are the sonnes of Ifrael, coepiffe Thursday, after. For the first.
mumSabbatú, whose celcbratio was proclaimed, was the fertilizing z 2 men ,.
menfis the first day of the week, he began to doubt himself, at the Mofes of Exodus xvi.Ergo fis.Auétor.
ta.Prætereascimus of epilogifmo accuratiffimo as elsewhere discussed, or.
whether the Exodus of the Jewish year fall in the E 2 64. Why Thoth years D.
2 2 64 Kal.Sept.feria primaSemper began falling at the end of it.
even after the exodus and incidentals day five in the æquinoétio, or to the next.
me, that the equinox manfiffe, already decreed the not known by the things which he Mofe from the beak above the dif.
action. Now there are eight Kalends menfium that veulwidvfi.
gnificat: even though no being observed in the new moon, in them, it is not the wise men.
rather than in the on the first of menfium of the Egyptians, which, however, yεμ'wiag vo.
cat Ptolemy and idem, said reuuig άγάτωγούω the vernal equinox.
  ; fèruatum.
.
• '.
•.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 p. 3. 2 2 3.
Afèruatum Hipparchus. Thucydides, too, in other places, we note ,.
reuluiàv by x% * ^% 'U' he says, quasi veuluiz there is ασάλμό that.
there were all the signs of appalling civic les menfium of Greece shall, in addition to the first and the.
Tetraeteridis second. " τειακασα are fine I'ü% of Yao City.
s> <9? Or "P ?. This means that the number. The topic Dea count.
the number of which is beyond the Tricefimo menfium no one could be admitted. save.
