
XX 1 1 1 1, and by the second week confequenter John Rabie v. May. Was born.
A plane was the fifth day of May, 57 O Christ. But in the year paid.
This in no way, can contingcrc. For example, the first mcomcnia Rabie.
  • 111 2I1.
A.
B 1; p e E 1000 N 500 E r. T E P O R V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 19 ».
From a year is paid falls on a Thursday neceffe is to have an end.
Of Muharram is the day of the week a fertile soil. Ax hegirae 63 years in Arabic.
retroretextis crosses a 158 year period of 2 years hebdomadicam I ,.
de quafuo the place where it shall be said. Atquififingamusannum Arab radiation.
fuiffe soluble, Muharram noncaepit feriafecunda, except in the year 154, either.
* 6z period hebdomadicam That withdraws from very short life.
Muhammedis 63 years. Disclose fcquitur beginning Mu.
hammcdifmo, periodumHagarenam loose fuiffe. Diximusanno x.
Hegirae it obiiffe According codemChronologo and the recovery of old.
Muhammedanorum idea, on the second John Rabie previous examples.
cxco harvested at 63 years Arabicos vixiffe. Accordingly.
Ε month of Muharram begins on the second, so it is above the ostenfor.
Well 3 starts on Monday, March 1, x, z Sunday cycle 4. Not, 1 x 1 ,.
but X 1 Rabie was the first day of fertile soil. He died the day when even x 1 ,.
fequente x 11, the sixteenth of June, fequente xvii the year 631.
Who wrote the Muhammedem xx born September 1, in Christ.
571, Sahaben 1 x 1, on the second, which is why expiscare desirable to consider :.
Since John Sahabcn coanno in the period hagarena of Se.
ptembris xviii, day of the week by force. So there are very deluded. Neither.
SUPPORTED do with the death of Muhammedis with the year 63 2.
said John rabic earlier Wednesday prolific in June, VIII, XI Hegira year ,.
idem with a chronology that once a Muslim year of Hegira.
ccurrente was dead, saying in effect: vndecimi of Muharram of the year, however, iniuerit.
27 March, was Saturday. Confequens since the previous twelve Rabie fuifsc.
1 1 Thursday, not as equal to disasters neighbors. Now Muhammedem.
the first born of fuiffe xii Rabie, nonautem 12 Sahaben, in addition to Chro.
Nicon old and confenfus the Muhammedanorum, auetor it.
Yo. Leoin sua Africa. Gazzulos nation of Libya, where he writes a market.
be less true of his birth was to enter into the Muhammedis, and twelve rabic that is to say of the first: to whom be the celebration of.
hritati interfuiffe be the year of Hegira 92 O Christ, 1511: while.
However, on the first day of Muharram 92 o iniuerit Matt Fcbruarij year.
Arkansas 1 514 Tricnnio less, he said. As often on.
illofuoeximioopere years, Jesus compares cumannisHegiræ (cont.
Preparing a faepiffime 500), but he never even once NC :.
The Studiofi these things monerc wanted. Idquc surprise to him.
a man who Muhammcdanus and nations, and the things that make muha.
medifmum concerned peritiffimus him. This is the only reason why Muf.
Pulman co season and moons bear his native orfi desirable, that too much.
Rum is made from a prescribed period. 'Moon' is already corniculata.
He was what is called in Arabic J) a beak above mentioned. And so finedubioho.
Tell all the Muhammcdistae Infastigiis fummer Turriti of them, and from them.
Moon checkered fpeculantur, partly SHAPED moon.
1000 3. For ¥ 38 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
For remarkable, as thou.
While Christian cross.
Then he has no neome.
mia was of Muharram, in which '.
1000 Hegira MVHAMEDICÆ blade.
S o t o 5 50 100 100 N O H A L E R T A N O.
ii.
mon effect 4aai;, vtpotecum [% = l J / ucharramu. Io.
a couple of days and begin the wild beasts, •.
How the new Jews. _ I2 | T <£ PHARM. 2 f.
However, this is not so and after V.
J5S for several hundred years) and y 'rabies before it. 3.
RIAS suitable for neome LsSi **) rabies later. | 5 |.
Jewish money, and after | : S: oi! 'Umadi.
Otherwise it anticipates that J% ^ ' "Sov * = Glumadium prior 6.
below will be opened. The J * S) <4> • Giumadium post.] 1.
JMucharram hegirae cæ.
fexta dies from Monday, so Q J | Regiabu. 2.
facras day to have the 100 / \ <x. Sahabemu. 4.
so by that time. I do.
I know older fupersti "9va" 9J Tamadhamu. 5.
making effect, for the sake of Ve CJ; . l Schevvalu. 7.
mer than 29 ~ i c h o B A R * •.
They called and summa fu äoxâ], 3 Dulkaidathi. I
• erstitione old times five. ■ r.
E. ά, J & ~]], and \ Dulchagiathi. 3.
fexta via what is called ά •> This is the aüa3% and xxAndia, juxta, n y things.
ca deference to them, the quaIudæis Saturday, Christian DiesSolis.Post.
How% s; OG & ράμα this year, are in fuperest as a method of ,.
And a method is put in place. The ancient Arabians, who were very near.
ncbulonisabsuerunt his age, a period of huiusannivagi.
to make a wanted to, there was no reason to enter into potuerunt aliameius, than.
FIVNT, nor offense of deratiocinio menfis of the moon, they had brought, but he who, because of fear.
vndetriginta three times a day, and femiffem with 793 kinds have excelled ,.
the seconds, or two hours, or a hill, in recent years & always leaves behind a blessing. So vtnulla.
a period of years, then decided præcife poffit Arab community.
And so, from the year 79 3 minutes and one detraxerunt.Quare Arabicusha.
BCT day; 54 hours, 8 minutes, flue signs and Chaldean, 864. winter.
