that pertain to this matter Vitae. But now the distance.
of the time and deal with this, that Hißorica Varro, he is appealing. At this point there are three dif ^.
he handed over to navigation by crime of the times. First, from the beginning of the CA.
 taclyfmumI) E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 362.

A taclyfmum former quodpropter error is related to N ^ Oy. $ Ecun.
provided that from the Cataclyfmo the former one, the first to the Olympiad there: that it is because in him.
Many fabulofis reported μν $ ικόν named. The first third of the bone.
! Ympiade to the customer, because this is iyoaxóv because it carried a spring-Fi.
fis contained. The first time / IUE has had start, / ue / emper.
was, at any rate is how many years old, the moment can not be arrested, to $ ecundum it is not.
Of course ßitur, but still at about a thousand, and 500 c. animos be increased.
alone. & 4priore / éilicet Cataclyfmo, which Ogygus say the imach things.
rapidly years circtter c c c. // Inc for the Olympiad, a little more.
c c c. which days alone this, even though the mythici of time on the rear, great an extent, because it is.
Memory feriptis close to what I could determine voluerumt.
And indeed, John I. B / cc, Ibium fGripßt be ex cv. Eratofihenes and / tp.

'.'.

6 t c ​​c c. Timæus c c cxvn. Caeretes Iox 4. And 5 also.
Many diuerfa which we IP / dißenßo from being uncertain terms. Ha.
Cenforinus lightly. The first number is the old CIO IO c ipfos.
propofitus he argues to be read, to the kingdom of Inachus, ammi: for about cIo.
cc, with the c c c. And the time that, from which the first Olympiad.
Eratosthenes think CV 1 1 c c years, and the average doetè clear.
to be considered for the destruction that Ilija, quod ipse I do not know why he thinks that by the Inachus.
So it might be time to the advantage of neither, and Inachus, of the Argives, autSicyonio suitable for that.
Can. So Varro, and the Greeks, Varro fequitur, my time.
16 years o o Thiconius defines a judgment, of which the first term of the Olympic Games.
100 do the same. And the head of eighty years after the flood ,.
* Fententia which are absent from the closer, the better and more comfort.
We simply do not know which was the beginnings of the ancient grae.
ciae the writers of, or to citizens he was current among gallinaceous. Again.
More simply writes, Chaldeans Callisthenes the antiquity of the nation being questioned.
worth a thousand nine hundred and three years as the number of dessert.
sea, it is Babylon which was taken from the time of Alexander. those years.
the number of, fexaginta years, the latter only in the deluge. Therefore we do not.
far from true epoch diluuij apart. that you see, in such an.
ignorance is little difference between Varro and ipfos Sept.
daeo, and a small mistake can be forgiven as those who have not admit.
ID crow old investigation into these matters had.
In fact, the records which the foresight to address this SHINE ,.
the less the permission is to be given, if in so great a light, almost blind. The hæte.
"The US tamennobis everything that happens, no one of either the old or newly.
ipfas still make it to him. Veteres Christians forget who.
including the interval from the creation of the world, no one was the modesty of the bus, to the deluge, ,.
to establish a very much more serious, than from enumerating them-year-old from the Mofe.
defined, can be collected. these be increased waste artificial epoch.
Hh 4 con 368 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Of Constantinople, he would leave the ends of the years 1559, of whom I Mofes pre A.
writes. so that there is sin in which their expenses, and thus in a state of Jewish detrahcndo.
Today, however, current among men who were much needed for this difference.
to hurl pofuere, it was agreed in the interval of time from the creation of matter in all things.
Rum, the exodus from the Exodus also captured the Sedekiam. He who comes from.
nim accurately in explanation of these times, they had thought to have descended from Adam, to the.
Exodus, lay years of release 2 4 5 3. Then to have seated.
Kiam, age 9 o 7. The main completed by the creation of the ca.
ptum Sedekiam, 3 6o præcife 3 years. Nor should find persons who, by them.
the borders of, let him depart, faltem of them, with the praise of those who Chronologica at.
tigerunt. For it is not epilogifmus of times a Mofe & all other cases.
facris to pick up the books of defined terms, more or less, he suffers. But if B.
in one in a year more, or less than another, another that way dissent from this, this does not occur.
diuerfis of the world from the beginning, the beginning of the world, with others, from the autumn, but the residue from the.
Spring return. If the suit has dropped off the other plane. Do not.
For me to doubt the two ancient Hebrews in the world.
conditu fententiam. The rest, namely, for Libra, is stored in the they want to, to rehearse.
chin, which for the first exodus Tekupha is close.
I æquinoótium. His fententiis further steps fuperfunt the Fyna.
Jewish synagogues, and that the ancient trade. For the Sabb.
to that end in nmenfe tifrum, starts Leétionarium lu.
Daicus, whose head first, that she -yy £ call is the beginning of the book.
Genefeos. , The more recent the view of those, who are right to them that the world, hidden away in C.
Nootes still contribute as well, then all the germs.
character, which in the autumn against decay. Otherwise quorfum ,.
They say the land to grow ahead as the first autumn frigoribusexo.
lesceret? However, futile argument, although they still have time.
Our notion. For if this is true, since God commands the fruit of the trees.
And then produce the necessary grapes and other fruits that can not save an.
