 His words :.
guotiensincipienteanno day began, which is addiétus mundini, moreover, whether the man.
was the mouse, infaufis cafibus lu £ tuofùs: maximeq; LEPIDIANA commotion charges.
Dnio be confirmed. ? Netian, Sec. After this: Where have the day, while quoabun.
to give to the year, we have said, one of them is left to the discretion of those who had the oversight of the Fasti says ,.
• use when they wished, intercalate, so long as it is in the middle terminaliae.
menfis intercalaris juice or leasing such as A / assectu a day to celebrate.
mundimarum inside. And this it is, that one of the old reported their findings.
are past, there / olum men / em, among the Romans, but also the day of the INTERCAL.
the rumors. Macrobij words, not someone else's old. For poorly.
it occurred to them achieved this end. For as often as they are not traded in on the first of.
Q9 January 2, 46o o s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L

On the first of January or quibufuis aucrterentur »to stop the A.
After the terminal; One day eximcndus Tcrminalia bottom of restitution. Another.
The year with the most advanced fequente would one day be enlarged.
{Center above the number of days the concept. would happen to me, that, out of the.
fequenti dies in the year it was released, which fuperiori adieétus. The vc.
ro'vcteres they beside mcnfem, even one diem intcrcala.
ri, then surely that from us, it has been demonstrated, this is nothing, it shall, fail to see why.
to the year Merkedonius X X 1 1 1 days intercalari usual ,.
This is beside xx 1 1 day Mcrkcdonij ordinarij, even one outside.
the number of intercalated. That is always the first day of the fair.
January consigned to the witness, and io, the year it is transferred.
swear it, by Milo interfeetor, he says, that name about to bring ill luck would have that the Blessed
fairs Kalen, January celebrated. xg * %% v and D7 ra ti \ o xg% w AWI.
GN. £ J dyoeg I oa o emiae fiuegó dyoμάη ά ατὰ τί 3 I2veapfe Reun.
I Yig% Jin. Idquc under a year times. But under a year, Julian, idem accidif.
{Refers IDEF year Confülatus Pollio and Calvin. τὸ τςό% from the matter.
@ £ m 3n2jo. rs and τῆ ἐγ ATO / \ @ i @} awoo ομία αὐσές εἰς τιμ'ίτσασα ,.
rexqujrag x% axov. © J & íuáey Aueia u x @ $% ^ # 3m largest MXD% ,.
£ α μλ η μεμ'ιία § 32op & £% from ις τω dyoeg »art» od ìÝênâa fiusgå pity.
yoμόρω λαά, OAE Xai 3% TAW χαίε (462} ^ I4v from Dora. & 67; aj3w.
333) ajji ;, 67r @ ¢ 6 x 6 € € "83 @ τβ Kaiaaji τ) τάςα ἀδόλυέ συμ.
Gi. Reet. In the previous day adieétum and youngsters know each other.
CX (èqucnti criticized for that entirely Macrobij delusion oppuC.
gnant. However, this happened under vitiofo cycle of the sun. But under amends the.
άato another example is found in the same year, the third Claudij that.
Crat 89, and the year Julianus, by this way, lays down in writing the book of the LX. & Rlu) dyoegw tlu.
B) £ 2, J & W ** husgô dyoμάω, é, íríegy íuáegy, iegów τύό δέκα μῖδε.
CA, e g% J pou d \ 6k τολλαις ἐγκr. Tranflator said celcbritatem.
diem to someone else, but not to the day of the intercalation; so that on the first of Doors.
rij, to a. d. 1111 Day. Falfum, therefore, is that fubiicit, £ r d'A.
Zus ro ^^ give ἐγκε. For it is not ùzrág3aoi; ficbant * * iogi, but έγ) K '.
Άωδόν. Accordingly, one of the evils of the faith proclaimed. Market say ,.
not be transferred, but the first of January, and is the fifth of all things.
menfium: so at any time, although it, too, and as we have come to believe. Itafic D.
but always as the ninth day of the fair. Therefore it on the calendar Co.
lotiano letters from A to H, inclufiue are arranged so that the calendar.
Of the Roman Ecclefias from A to G, inclufiue: that they were Romans öyd`odò íugg® ,.
that we ἐόομα) times builder. This year she head of the jury.
mano reply to be made, nor been said, is we have added here, but it is not something they share.
defideraretur give to the Romans the doctrine of signs of appalling civic chronicles of the veteris of the year, both.
intercalation of his fingers, can be timely because this is where the men.
dofàD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 46.
A Dofa intercalation bifëxti procedure. William Julius Cæfar the edict.
gave every fourth year intercalari that by himself are imperfectly.
* Pcrperam placed in the high priests excepted. That is easy to understand.
but a demand in the fourth, fifth issue, are interpreted ing year.
Fourth incunte, this is the terminal at the start of the fourth month of the year. And so on.
and reigned twelve years, he did understand the three things in which they Cæfar bifexta Intercom.
Handa, intercalates are four: in xxxvi, to the twelve, since it is only.
oportuifiet of nine. So Julius Cæfar Octavian Augustus.
Year of Julius Caesar, / ed later mgligentia troubled ,.
Redgum, and confufàm rurf to the pristimam the aspect of, in the of which I have given order.
Sixth urged men / em out / 2o named muncupauit. This SUETONIUS.
I5Tempus, however, indicates that Cenforinus: qgi has previously had to the Sixth had been ,.
CJ / arti Cenforino, C Aßnio French c o s s.in Augustus honor diets.
Augustus, in Augufiano% Mo Vic. He was the eighth tricefimus.
Julian year, periods of Iulianae 47 O 6, cyclo Sunday damages.
to be fruitful. Julian is now twelve days from the publication INTERCALARY and.
Consequently, just three out of bounds. And so he drove the edict of cmifit.
comēstus, that out of the Confulatu C. MartijCenforini and C in the Afinij and roosters are not in the.
tercalaretur, except in Julian 50 3. for example, in the Egyptian quindecim'annis ,.
the end of the neede any intercalation tranfmissis, from now on. 1 year to 2 on the fifth.
year.