
Moons fequentes fuiffe September 3, when the Rev. Augustus.
this day angles 14 days. However, the new civil Giumedi later.
the Septcmbris V, on fertile soil. Not only that are now used.
described before, the Indians, the year of approve of effects Of the Moon, but also pole Vc.
he left that, too, has been proved to the fear, of the province of Tangut, in the following words :.
The whole of the year was expired by the new moone, they count nor to let others have not.
menfes, or a few weeks, rather than Lunarca. But fineomeniæ China.
that the Arabs have it chimes in with, however, do not seem to Iaponenfiumcum to them.
cpar do. In fact, at the new moon Fcbruarij of the year 1565, which made it.
First, Thursday, praeceffit I was guiding the Arabic language on one day in the year.
Hegirae 97 2.Nicolaus Contius Vcneto in the Itinerary fuoscribit age thereof ,.
Indians from Oétauio Caefare forward, and this year she wrote that.
Christ was 14oo, it fuiffe the prolific Indian 149o. Of course, the year ,.
Oh cæpitannus 8o3 14 Hegira, Augustixxii, writing first. The difference.
the Hegira, and annorumIndicorum, 687: one year fimplices moon.
that when O & tofyzygiis the past year by the end of December to August.
And as soon menfemfluxerunt compound of years of absolute Julian 666.An.
less hegirae is the first running Christi.Auferannos 62 2 621 prgteritos.
From ääni 666. Remanentanni 45, which is the difference primiIanuarij.
500 Julian, and January in the year of Christ. Therefore, the Indians, not from Oétauio.
 Caefare fed by Julius Caefare years care of themselves. The year confusion.
Julian the period fell in the year 4668, the cycle of O 2 Sunday, Monday 13.
Was the Seleucids, 68, from September, and hence the 38 stages.
fruitful great hagarena (which consists of three periods Calip.
and that a record of the pitch :) place in March. Rabic prior 12 March, Thursday. Mu.
Harris, vndecimus madness earlier, the VI Kal. The first of January ,.
Sunday cycle 2i, the prior version of the Sunday Hagarcni C. merits;.
çriant3 2 O 1 O 1 s c a s e p h i G E R 50 1
.
I have a sixth facras through Vcncrcm than Impenfis A.
the next, oh CH, B ar calling. Then orfi funtannum fuum, who.
facras day, and the head of July Caefaris incidcrit years. And all these things.
is, at the end of hagarena doubt epochc Indians received or might appear.
whether he be loosed the Arabian; it is an older effect, which they shall receive Hcgira. For.
as well as the first non-life had passed decemnouennalibus, but of the years fimplicibus.
Cæptumesttempora describe the moon. There are corumannorum.
and thirty-pcriodusiusta, with respect to the reasonings of the moon: as much as ruled over.
carages globe seven times thirty years so that all magnapcrioduscon.
Allow 2 years yo Arabic. Then a week reditin orbem. & Neomc.
niaMuharram 211 begins to Abead day of the week of the year, the water, on the new moon of the first.
21 taken, the year of years. What if from the moon, which is a fair B.
fextus, released today, Indianna care of people think multumim spring reasonings.
through the intervention of the motion of the moon, of them to forsake their neceffe is to say, for the sake of cauff it is not.
just a few, but for the sake of two of the chief. Prioress, quodnouilunium Mu.
Harrer was a productive day Caesarian Jews 7. 1. 94o.
Schebat for the year 3716. So it was Thursday, 1, 1 v 1. The fed.
So one day, the middle connection anteuertunt. Cauff other.
is that after 21 years of 2 Arabic nouilunia anticipabunt one.
Day That leaves a year tricefimus points 36o, which for years.
O 2 confurguntin 21 hours? 4. Itaq; hodicillacpocha overthrown the news.
Junia wed a couple of days. For now treated annusIndorum 169o, quiaufert day.
scream: fiquidem after the age of 12 made up for the whole day. Therefore C.
magnaperiodusIndorum begin Friday, as also Muhamc period.
Danes, eademfunt vtriufq, and the third to give ratiociniainferiarum. Expcrs.
So emotions. The first year of the Hegira, as we have, cst688 the Indians: a.
proindeest 58 of the great periods of, of which it is to be charaeter 3.At the middle of the day of the week.
nouilunia AbIudaici of the year was 4. 7 438z, 112, Iulij14.cum, however.
by virtue of the first day of the week comes to an end in the hegira. Christ is again in the year 1594 ,.
I wrote this, cæpitannus hegirae 1 oo3, September 6, Monday.
fexta.TifiiIudaicus 5 3 55 years is 5, 3, 9o4. He was annusIndicus 1699 ,.
& Proptercaio periods, weekday 3. Ergobiduum anticipauit for.
ptcr reliably that year tricefimo neglect. But, of these things, alibipleni.
Muhamedico us a year. Now quomodoannisIulianisdatis Arabic D.
Let there be, and vice versa, as given in the Arabic Julian convert the APC.
riam.Suntoanni giving Julian 666, a first Iulianisprimis. Volocos.
rcdigcrc in Arabic. Inlinea cyclorum Iulian præcifenoninuc.
Nio. Neighbors accept a smaller number 456. quodc 666 dcdu.
And to remain with a 2 °. Ao9 derive the next shorter stays year.
English. Thus, there are three of the number, which is given to fummam a distance of 456 ,.
2 O9 i. refpondet 47 years of Arabic O, 2 1 5 with menfibus.
 Four de em N 500 E A T O P O R V 1000 1000 50,. II. 21.
\.
A four and one year fimplex. Total anathema. [JTITRE.
686 if the Arabic language, and menfes 5 to lapfu of an [i, accent :.
no 687 had begun. Conuerfis give doctrine vten. - ;; | # - * | IIe.
while if a given year in the Arabic Julian conversion | £ A.
plotting angles. The year was again let the Indians 32 | :; ; ; 4.
