
And nefcio that other fomno a half years have Viterbienfis produce ,.
for the first time vnoverbo indicabofontem of their error, and then quimedi.
| China huicmorbo fieripoffit, then the docebo.Quod veriinueftigationc.
C reason to flee, the two find fummas Cause One thing that is old.
| the times of the civil wars, years old, menfiumformas, straightway, ye, and the kinds of igaora.
[Serving one, because Characters and the notation to the year you meet.
propofucrant, it is not the law into effect. The vtraqucquidem caufàtcmporum.
confufio generous, but diuerfa class. The former cause is unrecognized.
The year, menfis and the many noble epochs. For example.
pertains to the time of the knowledge of the civil code of the Gentiles are fulfilled. The second cause Pall.
annoOlympiadis reaching the city of Rome, now third, now fourth attribuun.
appropriately. Also Confulatus Brutus now on this, now, in that year.
Olympiadis countries. Now, in the new version as a loser.
let us enter into the pore, there are these two things, especially those in most difcutienda to us: but it was before.
Of all of the nations in the time of the civil wars of the 500: than affequi perdiffici.
le, save in sua the principles of the earlier in time, that is from his early years, in periods ,.
! menfibus his final term, days, hours and fcrupula refoluto.
For quiante this province, we are aggreffi, if only hancno.
ftrait, there are no other aggreffi, ij the fates of the time, and in its own nature.
difputarunt. However, this difputationem better translator φυσικῆς ἀκ € 9α.
from them which fell upon vindicaffèt. No one, indeed, we should spend it, so that, let us define.
effects this has been rich in the time of the Peripatetics, or that might be fecundumStoicos ,.
, or at the university. He who iftis are reflected on the definitions of the for a long time, and for this.
terminated their Chronologiae fcribcndæ the manner of a scientia alone, to him, the fate of.
2. From the words.
1.
I4. F O S P H E 1 S C A L E R 50 1
of words, indeed, but one of the things there is nothing at all defined. However, nothing.
w "3o3 &&; tranfigatur, decreuifingularum, or the least time.
ris any one of the parts of the first confpeétum to give, rather than to the defcriptionem.
i5o2x u) times the signs of appalling civic, and their method of approach. In.
cipiam things, then, according to the last term of limitation, from the day of fcilicet, and of his parts of the ,.
This is an hour and fcrupulis. From that time, if you like the efto.
500 E 1 S h o r e t. P A R T S 1 B 5
E R E 1 500 1 50 1 Q_v 1f.
E 1 and E B vs. immediately from the beginning of the day these parts are ho ra s.
we call it, in the vfu not fuiffe and the proof is there were a prifci proceeds to speak.
nes, with which the dies are not in the parts of the fecatur, but of the actions they are everyday.
end d'ftinguitur: vtcum @ 2 vtov vefperam called, namely, vtpoë.
ta says he, trying to oblige than Phoebus' horses, And what I had been earned with the yokes of the time.
defignantes afternoon they z) N3v & αης or Ζήεση5 dyoegς ,.
temporein the Comitium meeting together for fcilicet him, the men said, that the Hefiodus the gods.
cit & JR's a) ^ g ^% EUV αοῦ κεύοήες ἄγωού. This, however, by far the aliterin.
thy teachers shall be sung By the Greeks they explain it. They say a Hefiodi intellc.
xiff detricefima menfis orbit, and local guides Hefiodi effects as well.
and if dixiffet, when homincs real τετακασα Lunarca operate, and.
A.
has been rich in vfum, not a political, but has been rich in the motion of the moon. C.
However, it seems to us very strained, and mentem Hefiodi this fuiflcdi.
who uttered them: τ; suitable for very effe σκασα in matters of conduct, at the time, such as.
now belong to the right of the forum met. Homer Odyff. Z.
-Huog d 'AAI d \ 6g7Tov αύ3 dyogj% y dogma.
K2ä tov v € ίκα τολλα όκαζομζω αύ.
Fane things better interpretation of the vernacular. In this way even a little, after He hath he says ,.
jus @ ^ 3 and 7 of them, talking about vndecima, whose side defignat, cumdo.
Hua tit% to Z ". What we interpret iamadulto day. So Ho.
just a glow defignat, O (g) og% U% ajgd'dgtov Sa ^ provided. ©. But neither ;.
OEG is the fact that now, it was time for äetur However quotients.
hauling it was noted, that when they OEG d% g7re, öga out Ave. Games.
tempeftas the end, however, it was said. Keepers of the Laws of Athens :.
So 50 100 o e A s v s VP R E A T E 1000 1000 p e s t a s e s t o. Or straight.
We do expunge the 1000 P T H E S T R E P A s.quod v A abfolute 1000.
it were said, so that they are completely in Plautum.Nam in the early laws of Solon, which is why it by force.
head acquittances fcriptum was ό άλιθάπί ύ όgò åødtm Leg £%. Stoics.
CUS fcriptum with Stobaea talking about the trial of Socrates capital e.
A DJJ do5 {y fiugeáy σύ, τί τ £ and τη ἐπει, κ. T o £ £ μέγα ἐ τίτης ημέegς τω.
E> 10 N A T I am cýpan azj $ E, it ki, H A IO> t o n e 2 1
O. O N, AW & 3apa 10; q T £% y. Cenfeo the same ancient law ,.
D. E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 5.
From that day nullasalias role than in the morning, afternoon and vefperam no.
rant. And thus the division Pfalmorum 50 V, comma, XT 1 1 1. Thus Homeri ,.
%), Driven Ju% fiuap. But this meant the light dies, exclufis night.
Namtotumwx% μζ € 9 Hebrews are divided into four parts, which force.
gilias City. So, when even the first was the euen of a: from the middle of the night and fruitful :.
by the morning of the third, fourth from the south. Anyway, this is what fyv ho.
defignant the hour of the day, do not notumquidem set down together: and at Danie.
applying different fignificant. Pofterü invention is a clock, and λιο.
τόττα, quibusdies through the lines and spaces were a shadow diftinguebatur ,.
Replace showed expression \ Xore, qwd for at supper time or άόδιατε, $ o.
