 This is fermone cognofçitur, the IP / i / Int.
500 from the Judas called bull's $ bitterness associated with IM / breeders.
AMofis, peace be upon whom it is sent. The proverbial locutioJUS inal.
Coranus: * No conference sleep. From whence it really Samaritan.
is that it infulam live as strangers who had been at a conference.
to show what doctrine that all the profane, of whom they think the. assuming that fuperstitio.
Even today Samaritis tarried, as reported by those who have them CONUS.
thongs. Ephiphanius 52 2. DC Samaritans @ / Taja êxorrjaa Iedaioaeyº.
 Kkk i, j%.
• ,.
4. ¬f G 1 e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
§ @ ¢ x311% u% $% ^ LW & ufira T £ οσ μαύειν τύό. You see Agoa ^ yo / Jay Tyøyin to AA.
rabifmo Q »\ ~" Well, then 8 Ephiphanius this way. Ali.
hi ἐσατι ατω ίματίοις ραῖδρόμοι τω έψωγ) A rag ę dλοόό. Moza.
PLU j) Ra your dττεὸς ἄτι 3iyew d \ & Tyòς gods $ pore Dr D ^^ ε φάγμα%.
The autemidem Ephiphanius Easter and Passover, in the Samaritan.
Autumn celebrate falfissimum. Istiigitur Ægypticnfes Samaritans were already doing.
atemporibus co Ptolemy Lagi conducted annually by gathering and yn.
the type of the cedars of Gerizim, when ye take of the year, which sequi to be published, such as.
is this type, which will give a kindly recited fit this year.
Of Christ, 1584, from thence into France, was to us in Cairo. Two out of it.
iufdem the years of the examples of their sakes which we have received. The other had a year.
Yet ipfum with the children menfibus Solaribus and lunaria: con.
letters reached nearly inexplicable. So (I strike) Hercules.
the crime was read to explain the role & TA. For diuinando been entirely.
And the fear that quibufdam divined dung. In fact, to all reason, out of the.
pilogifmum the new moons, we can not comprehend, that we must confess frankly.
it is. In another example ptæter year, there was a calculator season.
Himself, indeed, too inept, but whom he has to know the blind, they know not, thou.
rare. At the end of the Solares & menfes fèorfim mind.
In 1000 O N N E 1 1 A h) is Agoyeg4), a manner which is always great.
The synagogue is Gerizim, and the type of the synagogue through to the other of the Samaritans.
fequentis years acuity. But, in that the formation of the ancient bishops, or to li.
fynodos not to waste Tgoye9: 4'u, but άτyeg®'u) to agoyegó.
fimilem adiiciebant O © € CC kai O R K M M®N THN Atianos Proc.
100 mNOAON φ M aa = Al 2 O ΤXOM EP € € © A T IM 1 (,) a step AA € A φ OI.
But there are some things in this prographe truncate, which will be complete in lu.
Daic letters pofuere: the example of the Samaritan 's and let no one be mistaken.
does.
1000 p as a co-ANN 1 vs. C CX) is calculated nisy. In other words, άμάλισμός.
Thus, the Jews and the Samaritans were the reason for the year & they call it, on the side of the whole, v t.
Jewish Compute shown. It appears, therefore I do.
And the oldest of the three, with the same common word comes forward.
And Samaria, including those of two thousand four hundred years from now & am.
no more, no interaction between them.
An n 1 C CX) menfium Lunar appeals are entirely Ba.
Garen, as you see. So long period of 2 hagarena 28 years.
man or a ride not haetenus, or fane vñ there are some point, and as to seem one.
The performance works together and in enneadecaeteride used. And, indeed.
The performance period of the year necessarily be used to lower Arabic.
O 3 years old and has no reason left for the moon. After May.
 rcmID E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 665.
.
.
From the period of 1 year 2 O necef to apply the method to the Moon.
Fe is. But if true remuneration Computuni fuum the year.
confusion, from the Nifanius, of which it is the new moon fell in the thirteenth. March, on the day.
Venus, the goddess hagarena ,, in other places carefully taught.
mouse. So here Nifanius the last term of 1 year periods Oh. For.
confusion from year to year, which was Christ 1584, they are.
are the years of the Arabic language who have been acquitted of the year 1629. 1679 will stand off with Julian's.
x 1 fuperfluis days, and this year was a year of 168 Samaritarum Oh.
Araiicus out shooting. Diuifa by means of 1 O, leaving the seven stages incomplete.
Stone 1 O 2 years, and last year octauæ period. And for this.
period starts from Friday, on weekdays moons, nothing at all.
differt a period of Hegira, where the year last term, the 2 ° treatment.
start from the first day. ".
Β 1 Co n v n c t o Elhagiathi 1) This conjunction is noted Monday.
second, third fequente for what happened after the tenth hour of the day ;.
Then, as the night fequentis, from where it begins, the days of the civil Sa.
maritans. However, in the period of 2 years at Io, due to end in the final.
fat begins on the first day of March. Why the better.
fequuntur matter. I could not guess, but the numbers ipfos 7.
mouse. It is said, however, to begin by the force of the solar month Adar, that is, of which the.
Matt end in February, Thursday. Therefore, the night began, she se.
the bird to its V day, month after second March Julian cycle.
100 Sunday xx v.
v. xxxi) This is the first lunar month begins Thursday in xxvi.
February. Menfis has xxxi dies. Thus the neo fequentes week.
day of the month is to be appofita menfis Conditions of the moon, to which the fubiungitur the number of the days' journey.
menfis Solaris. .
The Pha / from the fourth Ni / am. ) That sold solar Nifanius calls Phafe ,.
menfem as solar tifrum shelters, either or. ' When fuccurrit further.
mnn, I purposed to fight Tricefimo.