
mcnfibus, omnianoua protulimus.Scdhæcnon expcrgcfacicntani.
custom men, nififorteadobtreétandum.Quartuslibereftgmen.
datiotertij, vtfècundusprimo was fubfidiarius: which method im.
Greek libro difputatur orbit perfectly, so perfectly fč.
cundo.Sic etiamperfeétusSolaris and fiquialijnaturam Pert & Tiimi.
enlist, fupplentid, quodæquabili Egyptian finish and armee.
niaco vctuftasdetraxcrat. And thus the four parties in the tribucnd.
containing the first year, the fourth year of the excunte days.
tuorquadrantibus conflatusaccrefcit.Exillis higher felegimus.
Julian, A & tiaca, Antiochcnum, Samaritan and alios.Nam.
& Aliosquoqj ciusformæ we had vtTyriorum, quorummcn.
bes appellationib. Macedonian diucrfà start to Julian. So.
CTIA Gazenfium annusmcrc A & tiacum was appellationibusmcnfjú.
Macedonian mcnfibus thirtieth. Marcus Ecclefiæ Gazenfis Dia.
cone, INA and tie PorphyrijGazenfis Epifcopi calls Aiow Nouembrcm.
Aaee ^^ j December that they have the names of Macedonia. But.
idem fcribit Gazenfes celcbraffeTheophaniorum diem offered.
Audynaei that eftfexta IanuarijIuliani, be auté rcdiffe Conftantino.
Pole year, on the third vicefimum than a tenth of the fuiffe O & despise.
Aprilisfecundum the Romans, to whom oftéditformamilliusannime.
• re Aetium fuiffe, menfibus thirtieth and appeals Macedo.
Sundays. Sccundaparsannoscmcndatos, corumquccmcndandorum.
_ I2I1QI1CI1A P O R 50 E 1000 E G O N A. x.
the character of compleétitur, and the third periods of the many things, which at their end.
A civil agreement with the solar year, the fifth day of the year.
accrcfcit beginning. The fourth part deals DC true improvement of the year, Sec.
cælefti inftituenda of the year, which belongs to the method epoch.
world. Just as the moon, of the years of the civil war, however, there is no reason.
Reet should be calculated can serve, in addition to that with which the Jews they do wear: So no one is, and the year.
forgive you Tropicus Reet inftitui can serve, except from the form which I have published.
the mouse, quamnemo vituperabit feathers, save he that ignorauerit, all praise the ,.
He understands. Alioquinfcio and malicious and obtreétatores yet.
futures. Annustamnofter, quamIudaicus of the civil indeed, but of the elders.
as if a natural, vterq5 to the movement of quifq; I have been with Fideris defcriptus.Ideo his falter.
fcriptis vfus are in effect the same as old Philadelphia Dionyfianus ,.
Chaldæorü Calippicus, today bear Gclaleus. Tresigitur book.
the first, and the first part of the season belongs to i * Rate $ PA citizens.
Hum with feptimo. Atreliquæ three parts quartics two books.
fequentis pertinentad Ipfa the amendment of the times. And.
so that all the things from the mundiprimordiis dcducuntur, so mundiepocham.
these subjects at first the order of pofuere: the thing he is like a child than were deluded fint.
all of them, nófineadmirationetam than the obstinacy of their lack of knowledge.
poffis say. I do not speak of those who have tartar of wine in one, or more of Al.
than He, Original of the Matter be required. In fact, quaestiones he ij nullamratio.
the end of which fell upon propofuerunt, which fequerentur, so he had made no leétores narr.
cifci poffunt, except inexperienced. Those within the tartar of the greater of the world.
cpochamfaciunt their duogenera find. Is the former kind of them, even ,.
quifolutionemcaptiuitatisinprimumannum Olympiad with Lev.
food for him, the other of those, or a 1 x 1 x 1 1 annisan quitempusillud xv.
50 x 1 1 1 1 Olym'pas you define it. In the former haerefibus were Sec.
quidamveterum ecclefiaftica, as explained elsewhere. They say.
Cyrumcæpiffe rule in the first Olympiad LV, hoceft 217 ,.
Iphias year, which is true, and it feptuaginta quibusdedu about to leave.
Turannos excidijHierofolymorü and cafusSedekiae from 147 at the first.
dicr Olympics. But pucrilis fentétiamultis abfurditatibus escaping.
tur.Primo straight years, not counting the 50 xx seated.
kia.Deindequod Cyrumftatiminitioregni fuiRcgemMediæ through.
are friends, and Sufidos, Affyriæ, of Babylon, of the whole of Asia by a minor one, of India, of the whole.
Conftituupt Syria, which for several years has been whether a single rogue King.
You cafum Aftyagis and poftilludtempus a few years before his death.
Fit.Haec folaabfurditas makes himself master of Babylon, that I do not of them alone.
nullaratio may be had, too, but vtludibriú; debeât.Tertio 147 years.
Iphias & Nabonaffari than those who had previously initiúNabo fifth year.
pollaffari father Nabuchodonofori. Therefore Nabuchodonofor year.
dccimonò Kingdom and the temple was Hierofolymacucrtitannis five ;.
 2ntCX. PRO E 50 100 1000 E O N A.
in front of which the pateripfius, to whom shall he fucceffit, for the kingdom. Profeeto deserve.
fententia and give these recipients. However abeft just as well for this.
figniabfurditate from the fententia defiftant, like the soul from the ciufmodipor.
opinionumfumant.Poftremoignorant held diuerfa cffet initiated.
m as to its Nabuchodonofori with his father and leaves Alexander ,.
abexceffu father Philip, and from the beginning of Seleucus, Diocletian from the air.
witnesses and the primoannoimperijSicctiam Cyrus apudGræcos from.
the beginning of the reign of treachery; with the Babylonians, vcla fubacto the whole of Babylon.
government or abaliquo infigni will attend to whatever it has been, fine.
Hesh and to ipfius year, fine tranflationc άγ) άτοιχομάω as folcbat fic.
ri.Qui such infcitiam fequi refused, RC & nontamcn such a way.
inftiterunt for fifteen years before autamplius 1 x 50 V Olympia.
