
τις όνομαζεσιν, GX EID) edge, and the tit ^ ® xvgiœ, if agoy £ A4) άγ) d% ®ματων.
λόγέ), and Howl) fitger; αγωό ygauufi. Hence, in the Glossary Laterculum ;.
5, gat & iay. It hath in it the names of the soldiers, who were in the Roman numeration.
100 salaries box. Therefore, the concepts of a definite, and the thing hath been set nu.
A T E R V 50 CV 1000 is a mere 50. Ifidorus: (yclus is ambiguous.
In the summarized / it, moving in a circle di / placed in order to embrace it.
animorum be fine variety. Oh here l.At E R cv 50 vM It has been observed that.
the state has an order of years. Therefore, this state rich in order ,.
And the fixed number is 50 CV 50 A T E R V Marcus Eiufmodi the Cata.
loous numcrorum and Roman legions. Even so, Diet m.
tion week. In return for the holidays. So & Com.
putatores ancient Latins cycle hebdomadicam 50 A T E R V CV 50 M.
call. An Ethiopian 's computer does not go far from this, however, his senses, his deepest heart.
For the same reason LINT P H O N CPA calls and insisted sunlight that rule.
the chronicles of the appofitum your ears, for they give Characters flue condition of the day, so that ha.
BCS ifagogicis with canons 111 and TV. In which he demonstrated.
the year of grace 13 1 3, close calls on the first day. To test.
we are by this method. Diuifis 1 3 1 3 for 4, and the summa of diuifione.
When I 3i; Compofita, 1641. adieétis two things happens, and fum.
MA diuifa through 7, left for five Plinthio. The number five.
with 3 the charaóter mascara, compofito, abieétis 7, gives.
I make for the first, as he was propofitum. v.
 AM mm Sema69 4: 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R L
As the host came off) Merrill's E P T E N A. For the Ethiopian membrane.
terms with well-known fenarij a magpie that has been written by him, the size of which is from the feptenario, it is not.
dissertation form.
Infuper alertness / Capra him 2) The regular mascara with Plinthio.
compofito gives the mascara will make a new moon. Because of regular.
Mascara is number three moons, and in the first year of Diocletian.
begins Friday, so Plinthion the first year of the primoan 3. Itaque.
no two of the unit Compofita give Plinthion. But if regular.
of a new moon mascaras would be united, then Plinthion of the first of the year would have been.
five. Therefore, not two, as now, but only four have been added.
After fummam pipe with a summa compofito years. In.
it has happened, for it is the power of thine, whom the Rule 's wish to establish their own. .
But it is from it depends on that Plinthion. Then again, you can Plinthion the decision.
setting, but its regular fequetur law. If the first or regular.
dear there is a united, Plinthion should be five. contrary.
70iem Iohammù) said in the canons Ifagogicis, Canon 4.
From the beginning of the year and tiaci and nine martyrs of August, in which the police.
The Passion of John the Baptist, which is fcquitur Roman Ecclefia.
In the calendar of Antioch of the Syrians, too, from the region of XXIX A B ,.
the Sixth Julian to read isosso i> Oh! oiaj Love '.
| * \ O <J 1A1a from $ O $ o $ ^ al gizácyo XavTo ewuò, Iaawe 3.
ραῖς ά, ζ τελῶ? agoyóve Figjam to AU e dgxì 9 Aiyviiv and lowrf /.
However, away from the region 7 a cone, a poC the same as the calendar of the of Antioch.
sterioris, which is the seventh of January, he writes, is scssoi "" Oh! σι ^ • 5atoa. "
Xτοκεφαλισμός Ιωάe 3 and $ cremated. Or does Xavxaqa ^ tub, resting their is this one.
traduétiones ἐγ λειφαύων know. In clocks Constantinople.
no to XXIV February, if τ; σπέ σωτάey & grí * easily; x <Paaj; 3a; O.
they live. Also to twenty May, becomes im & gt; * Uuia xeqaxj 8 Agodeju8 ,.
But the calendar Ecclefias Elkupti the second Thoth: <\ £: x £.
"<> <=)« »JS §> \ & Y g) &, *!] \>} J« »J%] and MapTgoy.
Give "iaaio 3 Gai, and, and uapTgoy & aaaiua & sçgur / (y. So one day be.
settling questions that remain Ecclefias.
eAbiice from him, 11) by virtue of the new moon of the first of the year, martyrs day of the week, so that it is not Decimus
once we have said. In the first five years or bored into force 11 ,.
or two of the eight away. Because, in fact, nothing can be taken away, of the VHI.
Sommer added an entire week, so they become V 1 1 1. To set HA.
I humbly sixth, detrahcnda the two. Whether the two.
summa away the flue interrupt the top five in the same reciditme.
thodus.
"Pagomtm) Eaayógôpou yuiga corruptc PA c o Lo, from 1000 to waken them.
tur.IdD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 51 5 2. 69.
A draw. The same is the King 'Em bears witness to the honorable of the priest Francis Aluarez.
Manuel in suo itinerary Aethiopicus. Of those, he said, to imitate for years.
nine of August, the day after the beheading $ Iohammis. EFL year duodemum reasons.
fium: menfis tricemum days. C4nno office / uperant the V sighs.
1000 O N A L N E cent to 5 years intercalarifiunt / from the rest of the nature of mind.
This one. Some ltalia a money-changer Ægyptienfis; He quædamex them.
tranfmittenda countries have prepared writing to me in the year 1 585 ,.
Ethiopian, five days a year excurrentes above the call.
A B A T H E or O N A L N E 1000 A B A T H E deals with the άπο.
χόρέρω. ηΛ ^ τ, the Hebrew word nisaip But I am in their wallet.
tis haetenus I have not read. At the end of the year, Luke teitio year lustri lu.
B liani, INTERCALARY one day, and made Pagomen force. As the year before.
Mince 1595, which began 1 year of grace; 12, there were six Pagomen sea.
The year began to be settled on the thirtieth day of August, was Saturday. And so, intercalare.
