
Aregius declarauerat of the perfum of the institute, of which the institute is still talked of.
lot in Herodotus, initially librifeptimi. He began his rule for.
Julian was right in pcriodi 42 28.
500 E 1 S T R A N T E R 5 10 10 1 St.
R A T H E o s t n e s in Clement of Alexandria, in ca.
nonibus of the times, from the first Olympiad, to the ,. tranfitum of Xerxes,
C CX c puts the age of 7. The same is true chronology of dóøvμ®.
Again. Xai games) <j $ ¢ â € je a agéray OAvuiov, Izi τω example.
άε δέαοῦ, ἐm διακόσια & assroy @ £ Ja. Therefore tranfitus no roughness occurred.
Banno ongoing Olympiad Lxxv. For the year c cxcvii Iphitiest.
his first Olympiad. Consequently, the year of C CX CVI is a 11 year ,.
, Of a truth of which it happened in the tranfitus. However, this sin is clear how.
While in years to bear. For the fourth year of the definen Olympias, who had.
fumptus for the beginning of fequentis Olympiad. Whether it is included.
7 The first is mis 5, in the ninth menfe conduct crosses.
it can be confirmed that there is obviously out of the Dionyfio. Naualead the war.
Salamina occurred in fecundoOlympiadis, had sunk to fourth Tetra.
teridi Attic: the time designated by Plutarch τω d 'ἐχτ'ω ά.
? Mayv%%% α © A £ IUA xzöiip o w ew%% EWoi Asst> A ApJ.
12. wxóov iríÀau Jey% $ eòς τασέλω®. We demonstrated the first book.
Cstrauimus, this could not happen, except in Tetraeteridos guar.
m. However, it was the year through 3 stages Atticæ. Munychion sixteen Apri.
Us, Julian, the 42 year period; 6, the cycle of the moon xvnI. From this fequi.
, when, in the earlier stages of Julian crosses conduct, rlu.
b) 4 4 2 35% aiy be no comparison between the periods of the year, in the days.
aestiuis two menfibus after the Olympics began fruitful year.
dosz 5, in the cycle of the moon xvii.Sed upsets this HERODOTUS. It said Ter.
Xe has failed Sardis movement of the sun and turned day into night.
I have spent some time examining her, no Eclipfi only.
that could have found that, except in the fourth Olympics.
74 push, EDGE 7r £ u i a dexo. annoNabonassari »67, Choiac XXX.,.
Uncharged periods Iulianae 42 33, April XIX, Wednesday, cyclo Sunday.
V. Luna XT. 28 years ludaico 3 is an Ijar, whose charaeter.
A. 16.1 2 O 3. Krion five years from the creation of 3 469, which Zygo ,.
5.5. 57 ', August thirty nine year period attic, e ^ ^ αφά ιό3 °.
3yd% φδύογ%. Why this is true, it means that the Thucyd.
behalf, it is only ten years ago the difference between the battle of Marathon.
& Tranfitum Xerxes. The crossing over part of the ancients, is almost bigger than they contribute.
Xerxes has happened in the first year and 75 Olympiads. And the CCL.
 CI1DCI] o s e p h • 1 468 50 1 1 S C A G E R L
fçribentes say that the first is the age of 50 x V, and in A.
tranfitum was no roughness years x L. But, as I said otherwise fèntiunt, Ali.
three construed. Undoubtedly there intclligendum is varying.
In the fourth tranfisse. & Fupcrcrat little since the start of the Olympics.
push was in the ipfam Olympia conieétum been tranfitum.
No roughness. This position is absolutely certain that the two rich.
iflfrej mild, Herodotus and Thucydides, Herodotus and prefer.
belief in this matter it could be seen, was already born, this is where it happened. For flourished.
He and the first half Peloponncfiaci war. From these perfpicuum.
it is much profit charaeter season, and whether præfertim Doctrine.
anal also to the Gentile: omnesGræciæ the nations, who are present with the same thing took place, and from the same.
, beginning with the cycle of the moon, but diuerfis times. B. For first of all,
The fifth cycle of mouse year period is highly prized Besides, Fed.
otherwise the other two subsequent cycles. In fact, the period of the Av.
ticaincipit tricefimo year period from the Olympics. When he said.
mouse begin a 39, so that we understand annumprimum Tetraeteri.
Dos Atticæ coincide with the third Tctraeteridos Olympics.
For the habcrc to any artificialc beginning, from whatever cy.
CLO for the true beginning of the year attics on a first Panath.
ñàëîí are celebrated funtanno third Olympiad 53, this year.
c CXI Iphias According Eufebio, namely third year Olympiadic You.
* Racteridos. So when they met in the Pythian and that ipfas.
tertioanmo the Olympics, with crowds. .
AR 500 E 500 E 100 10 10 1 R E S E N T 1 1 1 T O.
 A R T O N 50 AXERXI's GIM a NI.
N the fourth Olympiad 78, that is, in Iphias 312, Xer.
xes the Artabano attack, fèxtodccimo a trait and are Hcllef.
plains, And with the contempt of indulgent in lust, no longer you have been in the venif.
set, then reigned for twenty years pcriodi Iulianae 4249. 1 1 1 1 by.
, in the Egyptian expedition, and of the Father: the only one for twenty two years, or a little more than :.
Seven mcnfibus from his father, Artaxerxes δ μακο} χεῖe, occifus N.
GAD »entered imperium, the start of the year pcriodi Star.
42 5o. The Diodoro ,.
SOLD ON E B A R N £ 1000. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 51 B. v 4o9.
A | S DE ο 50 s t 1 t 1 t o n o 1000 E 1 S, and P ri Mo.
A N N o n e e e e A E A T E R 1 500 500 s.
E 1 5 S 500 E M.
l 1000? 1000 g n a among the descendants of the grace of office, the one who, because of the way to the.
1 bright discovered strengthen tametfi ipforum outcome of their efforts.
becomes. Metonis found in a hundred and thirty five.
fyzygiis Moon at the same points Sunday to be restored.