
piadcmdeprehenderet fifteen menfis, that it was not difficult. Vtautem.
XT menfis fifteen moon incidatin mcnfibus uniform, it fierinon.
can serve, except fingula after four years, each one adieétis each year.
100 days, which aj / GX & fiua € ¢¢ City. This Tetraeteris Elidenfibus.
Olympiad is called Delphi Pythias. eiufquc menfis first road.
xat was the moon, of: of the rest of the system halted. Prime Cleoftratus.
Eumannia on the Monday of the reform effort is to advanced.
O & taeteride days 29 2 2 cuiusmenfesalternis inside the cavity and, indeed years.
fingulicommunes 3 54 days embolimæi 384.communes indeed.
five embolimaeitres, syzygies and ninety nine. Oh, and measurement.
teridi vice deprehenfo, Melon enneadccaeterida on the device.
rumfolidorum 694o.CuicaftigandæperiodusCalippicafucceffitdic.
277 Rum 59, the end of the artistic principles fcrupulis appendages, annoab edition Meto.
nicacentefimo tertio.Hanc received last term, as some fecutus ,.
500 versatile for about a hundred years oétogintaoétoab epoch Calippus.
CA periodopublicatadierum 1 1 1 3 O 5, which minoreft Calippicisrationi.
on the bus alone, Metonicisautemquinq ;. Quareduæ caftigationesadhibi.
æquabiliGræco flows year. The other is connected alternating or interrupted.
menfium full and cauorum, vtcumipfà Lunacongruerent that.
Greece effect lunar year. the other cft embolifmus menfium, v t.
cumfole be on a level, which is equal to the solar year of the moon, of a minor. But other.
natioplenorum & cauorum menfium at any time make a different: and it does so either.
naturally, or any civil possessions, of the natural varictas is to start proptcrca.
O S P H E B bolifmum1 4 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
bolifmum, or menfis, or of the day. And both have only two full Menfo A.
continuantur.Vt a year when the Jewish INTERCALARY mcnfis month, then.
Schebar and month embolimusambofunt full. In the year of the Arabian.
When he goes on the last day of menfi that Dulhagiathi said, and then yourfcif.
Dulhagiathi and advanced Dulkaadathiambofiunt tricenumdierum.
However, in the Samaritan faepiùs continued tricenarij menfes, and in ancient times.
Jews, that the Talmud & Iad Mofis Cognofco, and menfesHarpali ,.
Metonis, & Callippus are not always equal to the alternate and uninterrupted process. but faepiùs two.
plcni continued, but never binicaui. Etiamcum that diesac.
menfi Arabian yields in the last three continuous menfesfunt plcni, Dulkaa.
Dathi, Duihagiathi and Muharam fequëtis year. Ifque year by the Arab B.
diciturm the bus. <<, hoceftembolimæus. Thus, even in the Jewish pie.
three menfes there are no continuous full tifrum, Marchefvvan, Cafleu. A civil.
variety happens in Iudaicotantú, accrefcentemenfi Marchefchvvam.
on one day, and Marchefvvan excauo becomes full. And in embolifmo again.
menfiumdifférentia situ, and time. In Situ, fiaut in the midst of, or in calcc.
intercalatio it. annoAttico menfis intercalabatur for example, in last term, that is.
© Diccbat ποσάσεὸ τςότεg. Jewish fextus menfis INTERCALARY and.
Adarprior said. The annoHagarenomenfisembolimuserat defultor.
All of menfes percurrebat years to 28 years, z, which are Enneades.
caeterides twelve. No I chose the intercalation memory.
ftrorum vtebantur Turk Cilics until the year 100 Hegira simple.
Muhamedicum vfurpare they began to be. But a year prifci domination.
Rum fitus embolifmi diuerfa far from the others. For there is between the two.
menfes interiiciebatur, as at other times folet: but in the menfem Him, as it were.
furculus infindebatur into a tree trunk. Between the 1 x 1 x 1 or X X 1 1 1 1 ,.
xx, or between 2 and X X 1 1 1 Februarijinferebatur. nor verofinecauffâ.
This enimfèmper obferuabant as Mefiti radiation effect next March.
Matt days. It was February ordinarius.at interualluminterexi.
both January and February in the first ordinarijimputabatur Merkcdo.
Nio. & Kalendis februarij ordinarij a year now embolimæo lure.
gifugium, now in terminal, incurrcbant. Neither femperin.
tcrminalis three times, and Regifugium intercalabatur that will Cenforinus. D.
· Quiahocpaéto Fcbruarius regular now twenty-eight; vnde now.
native thirty days. This, however, false witness convicted of the out of Varro.
appropriately. Tcmpore differtintercalatio, as far as Jews are nunquaminterca.
They look upon, priufquam ûzree9χη ήλιακή, who funtdiesdecemcum four hours, just a little.
more than one and twenty, bringing it readily available, so it conveniently.
menfis orbit melting poffit. The fpatium greater than ever.
three years she had never Rhinus years and in six. femperfepties years becomes.
Latin Calippico metonic year and sometimes sooner, sometimes holiday.
11ntCID E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 1 B. 5.
A intercalabatur than $ reasoning VA oχίς ήλιαῖς poftulat seen.
More especially, since it is a guarantee Athenienfis, but the thing, do not Heca.
tombaeonis Solftitij prifci the new epoch anteuertat they are in.
Jewish year, and often end in tifrum Aequin and components autumn.
Ie, neomeniaveroNifan æquinoétium spring old fi system Julian.
of the year to be held, anteuertat. Not one good is the moon, of the kind of the Year: fed.
summa diuifio two faftigia difcedere, for years, periodic and bus.
fold. Periodic time of the year are sure that over the years the proceedings.
You embolifmorum recur.