 Europæi, however, to the cycle of the fuum æquinoétium.
formed, and after the full moon phase æquinoétium cc.
lebrabant. This was the difference in the menfibus. The other difference was in the.
day, which other language in the fourteenth Nifanius, some after.
Moon fourteenth day of the Easter festival.
ìndiccbant. In fact, a third a kind of people, who, in private.
Habcrent and proper fashion. For the former, was persuaded.
  Oh Christum158 1 o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
Christ grown VIII Kal.Aprilis. Gallicanæ Ecclcfiae, some cause or other; Tell A.
viii Kal.Aprilis we had been, say, the Passover cclcbrabant in it. Author Bcda.
deTemporum reason, cap.X 54. Hinccontentiones arising from a temp.
haetenus Ecclesiam raised ,. By virtue of the Bishop of Rome and Mouth ought to your ears vfque
until the closing process through the Nicene Fathers were to occur. These differences.
a third the first, that was in the embolifmis, so compofuerunt, so that the Passover.
Fourteenth applying it to determine what the next Aequin and components.
fequeretur that time is twenty deprehendebatur 1 March. The other.
difference, ie in the hatred, on account of which gapitalia Ecclefiarum fuccreuerant ,.
nevertheless fustulerunt, indiéta celebration ceremony for her at home.
His coat that was on the thirteenth day of Easter fequeretur. So two armies fublata of Acone.
feffor Nice, diuerfitas embolifmorum and diuerfitas said. For an B.
tea is not appropriate for the Ecclefias Oricntis and Western. Euro.
PAEIS zraza% aiagaaiu8 account held afian ταχα%%% av.
aiÜ8: The Christian ZD% α νομικὸν & ταχα I and D \ xixòv call. This one.
sort of human being that the name arose ojg oi; rioris; oxag aaTriy, that they were already doing.
said. However, neither immediately after the Nice fynodum diffenfio.
ends combined. Now, six hundred thousand cycles, and tacteridum Oh ,.
Published by all, is nothing other than the idle Teffareskaedecaeteridum.
knowing how authorities uncovered. The cycle of the moon things.
cpochas of a quarter of the tithe of the Paschal season; whom he bounds about the Pascal lamb.
les Computatores call. However, whenever equal terms at home.
His coat gained the most part Ecclefiarum ipfas fourth decimac.
zra thanks dócz $ zaiuoy celebrating the remainder were next Sunday.
I fequentes transferred. Thus, none of it was the end diffentiendi. Tau.
otherwise, this dispute does not give the central computer visum be composed poffe ,.
If you like the Easter term, such as holidays, a certain period, or CY E1; 5NÉÉyí f§ £ 1} A.
clus was established to turn om C Y R 1 50 50 i
the end of the suspension system and the terms Paf.
    The cycle, a cycle of the letter [Letters.
LET DOWN in the world again. Prime | √ | EEE. SSolem. [O. !.
of all things, which, indeed, that we may know, that it is:; 3 *; É.
Cyril of Alexandria is the purpose aggreffus 6 1 1 4 I. D.
driam Bishop, the advanced years, 7], 83 •; [I, p.
ninety five phase, which account; , | ; * 3 | 5.
_ •. • 2 2 2.
That éwçynxoy ταγ @ @ € Melda onto her 5 | A B 1 3 | F E.
adding that the festival of Easter system | F || ; * | :.
Ecclefiarum been made public in mind: whose? e;? | And, * * amp;.
      2. i 1
Rio is the beginning of the year confùrgebat 4 | C.
Of the Emperor Diocletian nonagefimofeptimo, of Christ;? || 3.
STI common 381 V whenheandSpuriusPostumius Syagrio. c. 9 1 500 C.
C.
TFIAnD Succeeding E N T E 1000 P O R T A 500 V 1000 51 B. 2. 1 59.
:.
A Fl. Annio Eucherio c o s s. When the year preceding cæpiffet diets.
The year of Diocletian. But again it was severe Gottlieb eiufdem VR.
, twice a bishop, published by the same number of years, but of the castigatiore, as to the power of.
sheds fumptu the beginning of the year 437, which was Diocletian.
1535 FI. Sigeuulte v. c Fl. Aetios V. c Mag. VTR. miht. c o s s. Bio.
nyfius μικg9 the surname of the Abbot; Cyril cæpiffe writes to its period.
From Diocletian in the year 153, so it would certainly be placed in it. But those.
note saying which is contrary to this in the gift of informers of the times a certain Chronologi.
to her, says the Monk, among whom Florence had Wigornienfis Theophi.
Heaven orfus period of his native Diocletian in 153 (x CVH) Christ.
38o, Cyril will be broken through the year 437. We are the best.
E Auetores, Dionyfio & Gennadio, opposite secure smoke more.
One vodka, as we have said, it began the period of the year 38o ,.
that is Diocletian's 155 (x CVH) Theophilus said one of her blunt.
liffe Theodofio elders. It is entirely appropriate to the year 38o.
This includes but is full of old masters perturbation produced. It is.
no. Theophilus, Bishop of Alexandria, he instituted a period of ma.
fight for five cycles: the name of it, and anxoy @ τάζετῆςίσα.
The epoch of the guidance of the very earliest days of his sinitio Diocletianea calls, of which a great rushing.
The year was Confulatus Aufonij period last term, 37 year 9.
In the 38o, which was first Theodofij fenioris, as well as private.
the mouse, the Paschal cycle, he entered into a fruitful pcriodus. Assuredly, the year 437, that is.
100 was quinquagefimus oétauus fertile periods, Cyril Alexander.
He instituted the foul The Bishop is to bear the other was the same age, with the addition of, v t.
Gottlieb made ceremonies. And so, Gennadius was Theophi.
John writes: Paßhalem also recurfùm; among whom% \ ICEM / Jn.
While, after five years of dealing im monaginta € $ 5 a day and time, and Lu.
MA suggestive / 2um state had found additional quibu / AAM fefiuitatis.
