 ....
P pp 3 SS) Hocz e p h o s 26 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
SS.) This is Bifextum. In fact, S, flue £, well-known fenarij, which forbids.
Greek disseminated over the sixth place in the order of letters and Aeolus.
W the Dutch knights of the bus there was a well-known, and the Aiyagua and this was the yourselves Aen.
, thrives in C, it is not £ could be formed. Cadmus of the letter Greeks, that is ,.
The Samaritan solely by the Greek public. 7 is a Samaritan.
inuerfum digamma. Moreover notes double-SS below $ xwfiw € ¢ gods.
He calls the small Dominical.
1 to n e c c 11.) Whether it was a mistake for the makers of a sculptor, fine disuse.
They duct and willful, 1 for y improperly dispose it. NY joy.
it, that is, Xe / 3o). Hæcautem all that inclufa are in the cells.
to the threshing floor Laterculi, are leetionem on either the New Testament, of which the.
vfus was at that time in the Ecclcfia. But some of them are immediately B.
out of the world weeks, and with the same day of the week he shall cleave fast, nourishing food.
When foitasse same day menfis, certain nomad for a reason.
Terms. To look Πάεσις Xa / 3oJ year from the first, Matthew EW.
thanks) awvxtog AE, fiuc águovjs birthday of Christ read menfe.
Pharmuthi, at a time when they thought that some of the birth of the Lord ,.
as he writes Clement of Alexandria, at other times not a few of his veterans, who are also called.
Rum variafque debates about rumors say the Lord's birthday.
recenfentur. .
ezex 1 c.) There is no fixed ratio le and fed to the Terms week.
Of the Paschal appertains or from some claimed was the ongoing Chronicles, chap. thirty Dec.
celebration? Bloomington% α.
CEI • 1 c.) For loois. This argument is also leetio eiufdem.
the feast day of the same, from the same book, chap. XXX V. The same proof.
Kings ongoing cap. XXII, 2 I.
A cb oh oh c.) For E3od®. Eiufdem argument Cause celebration.
end of the. 1. Let x '.
KATA ääni H A.) leetio by Daniel IX fitting Terminator.
The Easter. In fact, and it is there to set out the, & from the slaughter of the Messias.
€ CAP A) Of course Erdeg. I think that the force of Efdra, 19, concerning the celebration of the Pa £.
Cha. unless you prefer of Nehemiah, the 1x, for the sake of the prayer of Nehemiah, the CONUS.
nientem time of fasting, so that fuperiorem Daniel. Maker.
le concede præfertim Ecclefia with plenty Efdra skimming D.
whom the Jews of Nehemiah.
Kai e :: € P H M®.) Read Ka) and igfiug, lx end at any of the numbers.
Doubtless, the formal celebration of Easter in the wilderness of Sinai.
1 c IIae9 3. This also incorrectly marked for y. Leinster.
While the IId3 © * XY. that is, Xe / WA. It is a state le & yo. For.
they thought that extensive acquaintance with Christ who suffered, some twenty of March, between the.
whom Augustine is speaking. .
iHA;.
 .
_ _nD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. ; ,;.

From the IHO 90. I do not doubt, but that the author of scripferit iHC.XC. Inorgς Xeg. $.
However dissicile the divine, which is the le and the upright. In fact, not a few in the.
That the distinctive name of the Gospel are. Neither in this connection it is clear that, for what purpose.
the three leetionem, or Two in the same cell of the: except that fa & um therefore ,.
Easter leetionem its cycle of working together. that it is not 'du.
Bito. For what else can we say? But neither is this I know, wherein you stand.
In reality feptimo quarter ixxoud exaetheid \ @ leetio 3 Aawija Monday.
quarter, which coincided with the sixth year of fertile, why again.
This year feptimo leetio Ino & C in 4 places on the third on Thursday.
6. In fact, here or Amoir of time, the nature of the place and the time limits.
no. Likewise why he has Ewipfiuè in the first, to the fruitful, day of the week by force, but with the same.
B leetio done in 1111, the year John feptimi gray. Why fine% E J \ @.
the last year of the first cycle, Tuesday, Sec same on the first or.
no X nutriment. All these things are unknown to me, unless we were to say the time of vtrun.
who flocked state's lecture, and Pascal Le 5 & Stats & sun.
vfurpari mobile and mobile stand. .
H c Ore.), John xiii end of the doubt. For if Christ has suffered.
Matt March xxii if the streams that Agape session, that is ,.
•% XV2 / σκόν d'étyoy so called XXIX Fathers Trullo and.
Canon X 51 Of Carthaginienfium. This is called leetio.
In RA; to the most important word of the inItiJ of the head, as is usually the case. IIe95 iogr; § IIøøgæ.
In a d & le yo and the state is $ imoi. The same is repeated in the foreign country.
100 feptimi quarter àXXa / d exaemeid \ @ "is subject completely unknown.
h. \ ihs, cuiufmodi a certain woman, while in this cells.
:. '. 1 cm c \ i think from 1 D A N C ^ T om, oi A * AA 1000 c o r c.
*. *. A 100 N 1 N 1 A c e Met A mistake is a carpenter in 1000 and 17 O N q.
::. A 1000 volutpat.Sed J cuiufmodi other mistakes here are the names for it.
Pfalmi from the argurhento impofitas to be, is not new, but the old one.
Hippolytus in Pfalmos scripfisse, Jerome & Theodoretus you.
Witness: Fed vtrùm felc and some, like equal ® * μ% oiag, um.
the whole pfalterium explain it, I do not remember. When the museums.
nes scripferit in Pfalmos, that out of the Theodoret we infer, that equidcm.
I do not doubt, but that in a number of scripferit feleétos, such as are @ μ%.
500; Ia; And others. Moreover, this Bishop Hippolytus, indeed, of a kind.
Eufebius book, cap. xxii history of Ecclefiastica, but whose vv.
twice a bishop, he would not come again. Jerome fefe quæfisse Indeed ,.
but not to have discovered. Theodoret, in the polymorph, since, according to the books of.
faepiùs the testimonies of many things he can produce, and the Epi (copum the claimants, VI.
