
In the prison eduétum properties friends had at the beginning of the year tricefimo feptimo.
ipfius of Jeconiah, the prisoner, who was from the 184 at the beginning of Thoth Nabonassari. What.
all in a wonderful, met with the temple profane the inscription, as a safe against the residue of the faith of Be.
rofo objects. Why should it not be considered when ex fe there is nothing, but from the arms of the.
the Babylonians, thrives in all things deprompferit ?.
Nwery ^ iaaioess â € αοίλ & οῦ ἐτη tiaveg.) The beginning of the year Nabonassàri i85.
But in those kings entirely skill Iofephus lib. x. Origin to the Jews.
dear to me, so much in the years of the Empire, and fingulorum, rather than in the class of those deduccndo.
As ogyasajN% o t ae. 1 5.
 .
Aaßoeoards, <&, j nepoti Nabuchodonofori by his daughter, King profàpiæ grade.
He is the nephew Nabuchodonofori Nabopoliafari.Et Balfafar Daniel (Daniel. Vii.).
King profapiæ NabopollafTari grade. Therefore Laborofoarchodos is Balfafar.
For it is said of him one can deny, except on which the Sun does not shine in the south, the cuiufmodi.
This tartar many fertile. This name is inuerfum nominisNabucho.
donofori through metathefin fyllabæChad nyy75i> y Na3833e% 3eos> are ',.
Aaßceyazyg% e. Because her work on behalf of Nebo, said they did. Nyeg x% Ares; Now it.
*** Iny. The first part is the name of the idol. 11 1 1 Kings XV, 3o. Posterior.
is the same as the NSA, through the exchange of Nun, with the Lamed, as he so often did I advise.
1) nl1S 5 and which are in Nabopollassar. n ¥ %% Biaya and the Nabolassàr ,.
which is the same as the NABONASSAR. /.
'^% 1000 AG c / za, JSub his father for four years alone menfes of nine. Yes.
quea Daniel of the year, which is attributed to the father by a berof, these acts are imputed to Balfafaro.
For in order not to be left for the sake of the memory of any help from Defiderius Evvilmerodachi.
Nabuchodonofori, it seems Neriglissares be in the kingdom of gessifTe place of a guardian of the Son, it is not.
for the king, this is even more for the sake of the queen Nitocrin, who has a large power of reality.
cavalry. .
Atvtvu7% vfèm] that is, $ airp6. Apparent. by Daniel V 1 1. 11. diretvwz? vfSm.
7, 9ne / "which in today's verfione ajrpé9m. D. Lust. 191, £ 52, and vtvwxàv.
• 6r, d * $ ßiaje we ujpa, set out below, from the Abydenus Megasthene. Hefych. cit.
tvprjlov,% λα αύφασί, τέμπωa: bacula, the lexicon Suidas, which is cited. generally Mif.
facras. But, by night, at a party, was killed in a summa fecuritatë a partnership.
you live yourselves, whose standard-bearer, Darius the Mede, was surnamed afterwards the Nabonidus.
The continuation of the in the that fringe Abydos, in addition to Daniel, these things I approve of.
Etiavcdotos] So we have corrected, and so on Eufebio too. The Iofephus it.
? 7ςτ / στως, which is recognized from the mistakes interpreter. In fact, he turns his nation, and therefore ,.
I do not know. It appears, however, did not read them? Aovszarog. out of the same conspiracy, he says.
that this was Nabonidus, whom I have not only the standard-bearer, but also auetorem.
"Confpirationisdico exfequentibus and Abydos. .
Naßoy% \ @] υσί>} ς Nassav Jerof lived, λαθύτος Herodoto. Deco.
mutationeNun cumLamedfatis previously and then the gods. He makes two tanaen Labynitos.
Hērodotum, the same as the superior Nabuchodonoforo Nitocridis qnörä her husband ,.
his father, Nabonidus, however, this does not, as wrongly cenfeo by Herodotus. For this.
Mabonidus were confined to the kingdom to be assumed by members of the conspiracy. It is not.
, therefore, was the son of his personal matters, nor tov zegg * oi indeed, as the Reet Megasthenes with.
"Harsh. Eratenimoriundusa Media, this method of Xerxes's son, Babylon.
Nature, cognomineMedusvel came about because of my father. Capessiuitregnum ann6 Na.
bonaflàrii 9c. Daniel says this year, while the volume prediction has hands.
the bathhouse, a place for him in the reading, fell in with a fe, in which mention is made of feptuagefi.
lord of the year; hence they began to feel apprehensive to him, pain can result from the length of the transportation. For further.
32. fupererant at the time of the Prophet defined. It would be entirely ill.
He is understood that the words in the sniya legemdum. Who was consequently that divine him fuif.
feptuagefimo be a year of captivity, in the same way they say, has been the same.
beautiful week. For the same reason. If the first year of killing Medi.
therefore, it is decided that he held in captivity, and the year, which is on it is made mention of the paying of caught by surprise.
μitatis, ytiquc & idem FugRom first hcbdomadum that cadcm works.
b. mentio1 6 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
no mention is made of weeks. So teachers for incompetence and hate letters ,.
which we call the profane., the writing of the ball, as they have, as for the prophets, nothing at all.
they seem to want to, save that she has these interpreters had been in your mind. Therefore understand.
while he was reading, was able to say, Daniel, in the first year of Jeconiah, the captive ,. the same rights,
the first year of killing him, who had been trapped Iechoniæ tricefimus ninth, and.
Consequently ipforum feptuaginta.
Koiy% EE aoixafa, teuάθηκαι] The quoqueadverbumDaniel n> j ^ v ^ t ^ T Vs.
Tiv> E Mi Reeue £% * av ttJ ßaaiXeia *) XaXàafay, which conflituerunt things.
Gem of the. However Hebraifmus runs Å; $ & $ & A Rix N; ti; 3aoiXeiag Xax.
3afoy that if £ right essfiper kingdom of the king. Accordingly, to these is suitable to the other places.
the S & n> 'YP ap * <* p vy. The T) Median anus to the kingdom received.
So it might be a word with which the semen, Daniel, nunqufm otherwise vfurpatur, except in those their forefathers.
another for all delivered unto the redemption of the movement was started, and the image is more than $ IXa O £ ​​e, t, and of the Greeks, gaa.
Xefav. For <§22g £ ά τω βασιλείω can also, by virtue of their kingdom rear.
But that is not the word - placed words.