
the tenth of November, day of the week feptimum, and nothing in the rest of the fupererat de o.
MB. So when even Friday preceding the absolute Moe.
inhibits, at which time the init It is a sabbath. Nchemiæ force, 15 in the world.
3564, Parthenon xiii Zygon advanced 4. 6. 57, September.
XXIX. Nabonassari 362 years, Payni XVI 1. vicefimum o'clock that.
Septembris, which was to end in Zygon, the feast celebration.
ta after the return of the Jews, except that, rather than Iofue son Iofedek.
tomb. Efdr.III. 4. This is clearly evidenced by Continental. 1 5. 16. 17 Nehemiae.
B Octobris force had xx 11 tifrum Oh & Taua axlwoTn% ας called nyy.
V111 Octobris, Matt tifrum, the day of fabbathi, by which the ciliciisinduti not walked.
funtieiuniis, and the seed of an alien from the feparatum.cap.1x.
1. The matters on the agreement by starting a new religion before God and.
worship and the observance of the customary practices. For haetenus pie.
defitu mixture of transportation for a long time period. Caepto.
that the work of the ramparts is xxm Tamuz, day of the week a fertile soil. A third vicefimum.
Tamuz, to twenty Elul keep nine days were 61.in which are :.
stripped out of 61, remanet 52 days after extraordinary foresight.
construéta enormous walls. Nechemiyah force. 15. This is why Daniel.
DC, 2: 5 By the walls and back and then be tightened fpatii season. Will be presented.
After this, Nehemiah said head cvltimo be returned to the rogue whom.
and much of it was promised to the queen of a very. Div. primo.6. Then he inserts ;.
XXXII Arthasastha return home in Jerusalem, who was a year of PE.
Rio Iulian 454o. from whom, and to the defeat of DarijadGaugamela, annifunt.
Isa. His killing at least mention of the cap. 1. 2 x 2, sub founded by Pope :.
have proceeded to meet Alexander, whom I congratulate the Victoria Nyanza, beak above the ex Io.
fEph above. Definant, therefore, velitari, that shall read this Artaxerxes, Lon.
giman they do, and had overthrown Darius, the son of Hystafpis him, it does not point went.
Nothum understand.
"EPILOGISMVS HEBDOMADVM Daniels.
confident which, indeed, do so to return to their epochas with the Fa.
cris collecting books. In fact, in the ipforum of the kings of epochis nul.
Heaven never in doubt for the first Cyrus to Alexander loser.
victory at Gaugamela. Now the whole of the crisis was, we delivered them to be able to facram.
fingillatim history report. He left grade A37 \ @ and work ,.
It appears that quibufdam, Hcrculcus as ego ccnsco, lcuissimus, Heb.
•. domadumi.
NH 1 Kings 50 times longer in doubt and finds Perfarum remaining 1% o e p h o s s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
weekdays Daniel's head and start deprehcndere. For the unfair A.
it is worthwhile to like the whole, by taking the ratio, so works, they play with a on her.
ignorance. All could count of all the errors, nor of my otijest ,.
, or for his place. And he made two or three, and with it summarily. Prime error.
their conquests, they make an end of those who were of Herod, the beginning of the Weeks, calumny, James,.
hi Patriarchs shrine: There away / € eptrum from Judah, nor read.
The lawmaker from the soles of his feet until he's 50 1 Oh. They want this prediction.
fulfilled when Herod αλλόφυλ% "will Idumæos born inua.
becoming a kingdom of the Jews, had been killed, the King Antigonus, the last chapter of the legitimate.
Hafmunæorum.Annus inItiJ stock in the period of Herod Juliana 467 5 :.
If remodeling the back of which 49o arrive at a fruitful year.
Cambyfis, 4187 But, what Cambyfes to the Hebrews says of Julian B., who is the periods of
weekdays Daniel? Do not believe, as says the philosopher, was intended in this bulletin board. Yes.
Seven what to do with the beginning of Herod Isa years to make restitution.
King birthday Messier? What else is this, than facra the prophecies of the pro pi.
la have, upon their fomno tell, it does not translate facra? Quidme.
a man who had so cenfeo, read it with patience, or who do these things? Others begin.
Hystafpis from the year of the ongoing killing of the Son, and the result of the force of ca.Efdrae, as they do.
send to interpret. Secundus for killing son Hystafpis year 4194.
 Julian is in the period. Therefore, the year 4.683, it is tcrmin 4684, or Hebrews.
weekdays, in the first Emperor Egyptian But the question.
nüs first Aetium Egypt did not refer to the meaning.
MADAS Daniel, this method fifteen years x 1 1 1 before the birthday of King Messier, c.
before the start of Herod, 1 thirty years before the same birthday. To.
lerabili of them, the fiction, that those who Weeks of remuneration, from the seventh.
ARTAXERXES longimana year, which was the period of Julian.
4 2 Hcbdomadum 56, and therefore the end of the year 4746, the PAF.
the bus. He was no whit from them, however, SUPPORTED faétum.Nam which the au.
And varies from Artexerxes longimana those of remuneration? For if he that Aria.
That is conduct, which sent Efdra VII, 6, an empty V 1 1 year N.
taxerxis start of this Hebdomadum catch. African and old.
The learned author, book fifth of the Times believe that teaches Hebrew.
weekdays from vicefimo year Arthasastha longimana, in the Kingdom.
Farum, that shall he thinks fifteen. In the first year period, Julian D.
4154. The year VICEF Arthasastha 42 69. The employment of fifteen. In which.
up to now is clear to him, the idea of ​​time. 49 years with 42 69 compofiti.
THE STAGES OF Iulianae 47 constitute the year of the 59, who was one of quadragefimus.
fextus year Dionyfianus Christ, vndecimus after. What does.
Mystery think this is the year of its passivity? No, fi.
