
G, starting from the beginning of the reign of Ninus all things in the letter is the same, to the beginning of the Nabonassari, of the year Ä.
1486, which are made Neuruz twelve and thirteen of the 46 years beyond that.
Neuruz Athens, which correspond to the aeeewztzatos for eleven years.
gyptiaco uniform, which derive from the O & Taua April, left in force.
cefima 'eighth day of March Neuruz Nabonaflàri. The horsemen then the radiation and O.
rientalis vñ are under the name of the Neuruz Harirathi. Paophi first new moon of the year.
NABONASSAR appropriate for me as of March 28, that is, when he himself are Neuruz civil ,.
where also it was the new moon, Neuruz Chaldaici. And that there will doubtless be less.
Dodecaeteridas begin. For the principle of the Ram and Art.
mifii Chaldaie. For Abydenus daef productive menfem Chaldaei.
When making a deluge. It was the first Artemifia. For this year Sept.
from the Hyperberetaeus Alexandreus there is no investigation of the Jews, but from the Artemifio.
And hence the lower branch of Alexandria sex menfibus as Jewish cities. This is.
the reason, why he does not seem to enter by the same anao Epocha with Julian the Chaldean.
For Fane start feptimo menfe Alexandria, but non'ab same year Iuliano.
This warn, because we have not yet been clearly proved that this was about.
Chaldaico and the fifth book in the ongoing difputaremus. , One must also infinite beauty.
it belonged to the epoch in the keeping of the book, the fifth since the diluuij of splendid thing.
And so, we advise you to give you Leétorem, as a Chaldean epoch in the reign of Ninus him to forgo the.
rat. We have got back, therefore, the cause of the old æræ Chaldaicæ, which he makes mention louder than a rooster.
sthenes with the simple, and later on defitu is to say, as it appears, for the sake of the institution.
in the end of the grace of the new Neuruz Nabonassari, who seems to be the first of the yoke, to the Mede.
Rum, the Assyrian rule, to shake off. This woman was Nini Semlramis ,.
Ctefias for example, and have him DIODORUS, and Cord scripferunt, and others would say ,.
fexaginta more than two years and spent two and forty ruled ,.
Ctefias with Diodorus to be the same thing does not matter. But the time had come over these.Ninus ,.
was omitted from both. Eufebius attributes fifty two years. However.
mendofissima of it is the computation of the, as they do from the beginning of the reign of Ninus, the end of the Sardana.
Pali, only the year 1218. Since then he thinks declaring that Semiramis.
equal to times more remote than it escapes reason here to collect.
one may conclude, from the beginning of the reign of Ninus, for the destruction of the Trojan, and including the interval is made, of the year 1o5o.
he should be altogether a thousand years has intervened should be omitted at the beginning of the reign of Ninus, to the bride at Troy. But long.
Hērodotum the Pre * £ $ yda; the difference between Semiramis and Nitocrim wife.
Nabuchodonofori, fine Laboniti, with a rudder command that holds her husband.
lived amongst wild beasts dwelling in it, & the most beautiful in the deeds of Babylon, over-cultivates, all things.
is rightly attributes to the strength given him by Herodotus, Diodorus, had enrolled, wrongly SEMIRAMIDIS 3l.
ized. However, five of tartar, and that the Semiramis Nitocrin between.
 d conflicts 3, 4 2 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
conflicts of Herodotus, we can not digest: præfertim with three hundred years.
Μέa%; precisely. And so, in this way, not in their integrity between the 167 years before present in the Semi.
ramidem & Nitocrin That Fane, not only with the truth, but with the mind Hero.
as dowry fights the man who from the preceeding,.
What matters præmifit assyriacarum and integrity.
makes, the greater the number of LEES OF WINE felonge was pointing out. As the post.
Assyrij than twenty-five years in the possession of the fuperiore Asia ,.
Media finally defected from them, and when άομελ & οι with some tartar vixif.
sent, finally fell into the traps of the crafty Deioco the first tyranny.
Media inuafit. Cyaxaris of this great-grandson of the son of Astyages was at the same time.
The Medes ruled over the ten, in which the Nitocris on the Chaldeans. En 5zo years, Assyrians, and.
Media ęκαῖας a long time, and also, the time Each store.
Cis Phraortes, Cyaxaris and Astyagis. This time exceeds Tyra yes ;, it.
is 17 years old. Proscéto Herodotus was not a mistake, but vetustissim.
Us and long.
prescription, admitted πάτε γέας for πεντήκω (and who are PLUP year.
more than 1 6 6 6, fiquidem three hundred years% AA) are contained. He indeed.
from the uttermost parts of the year in the time of Nabuchodonof.
definünt reckoned back against the loser.
So, to its Nini. It is therefore scarcely to be doubted,, rr #zor, for the rat. Hero.
scripfisse endowments. They are vetustissimæ fault copiests.
; cuiufmodi it is not.
Iofephus, overflow into the whole in a few words, it is not long before he was LEES OF WINE Iofephus fubortis. Ee.
ce fimile error in Diodorus-year rule seized the Cyaxares (.
feptimi part for the second Olympiad, which was still tricefinia feptimi. '3'.
jè τ) 3 & T regor ζς%; EZ? axgu% "% by TNS Oλυαττάλς I'eau%» ßaaiXea; ^ And z MiII ,.
Κva% of ς} Xa0 He} * •%). It is not fenta Herodotus definiuisse settle any Olympic Games.
grant, we Olympias, who had a definite of aire, or a year; but this can be gathered from the writings of Herodotus ,.
He attributed the Astyagi 35 years, which is clearly captured by Cyrus annos evergreen C.
lympiadis quinquagefimo sixth, that is, 221 years Iphis of which evacuated.
ctis 35 Astyagis and 4 or Cyaxaris, rehnquitur 146 Iphias year, that is, it first.
Cyaxaris mouse. Diodorus, there is no error, but the copyists had been these, though vetustif.
dung. Read the ἐάως έ τε axis <%. Born error from short ms.
