 Why r 1 2 days Iulijerat.
cpocha aeftir in the vfu the civil war of the year, it is not once cauff we paid.
Adicáta also perncceffaria neomeniarü Attic Map, which.
the first edition was not alone, but also give attics and appended year quarter.
Lunaridicatus is so abundant in the book, because it exillo year.
Græcoæquabilimanaffe videtur.Ibi revealing all antiquitasêras.
aegv @ € IAG, Oétaeteridum Cleoftrati, Harpali and Eudoxiquæ am.
niahodienomine down notaerant. EudoxeaOétaeterisnumquam.
In vfus civil admiffà protector. Year to 5% from £ / € ίας the vetuftiffimis PFE.
phifmafin Athenienfiumprimo is exCleoftratea, and then put it.
The law was repealed, ex Harpalcapetiti equal. The year following the big Meto.
 •} ^, nicusP O R E 50 100 1000 E O N A. t.
Cynic way, and Calippicus metonic caftigatu. And indeed they are.
ambonomine notitantum: cauff however, and everything that has to.
that office, there was wonderful it was to recognize my haetenus. Acceffere this dessert.
tieni Maps operofiffimæ stewardship moons Meto.
nicarum and Calippicarum: cuiufmodi also HarpaleaOétaete.
the ride exhibition. That deEudoxeaOétaeteride we have said, the same amount of.
period of the Chaldeans: this must be declared eamnunquam adciuiliatempo.
m, fedadGenethliacorum thematavfurpatam fuiffe. This, he thought the time.
the argument many things, as well as certiffimum, just one, that is, that of things.
menfes terms of Macedonia, there were no true Chaldaicis.
Because of that straight year with a lecture doétrinamdodecaéteridis.
Chaldaicæ the horoscope-joined it, of which the name of the.
Cenforino known eratex alone, cognitioautem nobisex Arab ,.
& Orientaliumvfurepetendafuit. Does one Greek word \ wd exaggerate.
WW2 / 3® ^ X ^ d \ XIXI remember that it is not easy to say. One.
his meminiffe we ​​know so far, to set Orpheus flue Onomacritus. OG.
4% ς ἐν ταῖς δρόςxzetheiaiy.
Aga, DL 'oJJi; a) g, xoìegy% @.% τύ2gyy% ,.
igaoiX &) ;, & δς τῆμ® $ egyóvá ') ajzrui.
Apotelefma cuiufdâ is better than some astrologers Confuli Genef '.
dequoipferefpondit, eumfore, the great king, or Dynaftam, & c.
He quotes Tzetzes.Haec lot Illuftrati doctrine Dodecaeteridos.
nameless little past the Notes. And so, quaestiones he τελálás.
Even so, d \ d \ x £ Teid from $ fcripferat Onomacritus under the name Or.
phci. What has been the Jewish year under Seleucids, the match.
They did this, teftatum have left many examples: in which etiamtranfla.
feriarumin the board anniantiquitatem forward aduerfusho.
minesnoftrorumtemporum, who nuganturcommentumnuperum.
Jewish cffet. On their right Thcolog great commentary.
fuo in the Gospel of John productive exultabundus she said.
tranflatione Iofephus from the spot, to confute, in which the fcribit, in what year.
Hyrcanus treaty with AntiochoSidete, Pentecoftcnfuiffe Monday.
First. HunclocüIofèphinosolimin former cditione produced ,.
frozen, autquiilliindicauit, accepted. Behold, said he, with the two Sabbaths.
tinua.SiproptercontinuationemduorumSabbatorum, feriatrans.
tends towards it; therefore, where there are two continuaSabbata, is not transferred. At that.
busapertc oftenditfeignorarc cauff holidays transferring quæfic.
batpropter folumTifri, but not for the sake of others menfes 5 for the sake of.
the fact that he has a menfis many folennia, adeovtfi do not have one.
the ratio of tranflatione, and sometimes not alone twain, but, also, three had attended the.
iness; fabbata to engage in neceffe takes place. If it is a weekday fexta campaign.
ncomcnia tifrum, at all three fàbbata circle of investment, ncomcnia ,.
£ 3 fiucv 1 p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
fiuc sound of the horn, fàbbatum normal and fast Codolias.
Continuanturautem fæpenumero at some of the other menfe.
the two Sabbaths: and it does so, the first day of the week, when the folenne eftaut, or fe.
via sixth. quorumalterutrum quotannisincidere, nifiquandoTifri.
begins on Monday the third day, Doétorignorauit. On the first Friday of the incident.
this folennia Matt Cafleu, and x Tcbeth the annodefeétiuotam CO.
imuni, which embolimæo, quotiefcunq; tifrum begins on Monday, fruitful in :.
5 Sivvan; quandoNifanincipit feriafeptima: XT Nifanius Matt 1 Ta.
Muz, 1x From When Nifànincipit on the first day. Underneath the sixth.
Matt agreed folenne Cafleu, and x Tcbeth, certain Tifrieftferiafe.
ptimain note saying which is the common, quâcmbolimaeo. 14 Adar time.
Nifanfequenseft on the first day: the force of Sivvan, quádoNifan the fifth day of the week.
We see, quotSabbataquotánis, nifiquádo Tifriincipit the third day of the week, Iu.
; and the Jews continuentin aliquomenfium, other than the one in the fòloTifri, of which the.
vniusgratia that cautioinftituta Itaq; doétortâ fruftra, than the props.
4eIofephi carried out fextaSivvan testimony, that is, pentecoftes.
prima5cumilloannoneomeniaNifan fueritSabbatum week. And yet.
there is nothing fupcreffe, she thought, than that you restore the image of the Vatican of the mountain.
ret i) 7ra / AW. However yourfcif very ignaruseft these things vtreliquiom.
inclinations which, they contend that the newness of the effects of the Jews of the imagination. We are.
validiffime demonftrauimus and tartar Christi and rctro fubSeleu.
dots, tranflatione the vfu fuiffe. & fanci resperuetuftacft.quae yet.
of not less than he knew not, quamperiodus Calippica, quaSeleucida :, &.
Not alone from the edict of the Jews vfi.quod Seleucidarum Nifàmanniex.
<Cidij Jerusalem and the nobisdemonftratum cft, but also to clear.
CX dcfinitionc Master Adda.