
when in fact he did not choose pofuerit in the 27, that is, on the same day, in which the Hippar 1).
Ethiopia, mcndofe. For solstice announced one day sooner than.
necessary, then it dodecatemorio 3 O Virgin, but only for a day.
bestowed upon it, when it was necessary, however, Solstice at 31. In the matter from him, on account of the evil.
feruatum comes to show versatile and Ptolemy that her account.
feruationem ἀλεχεgí, but not to the dxgigî they call it. VerbaPtolemaei: £ Js.
x? xa3JAε τε τας ἀκατά τήσεις δυσδ) zxg ις άa%, from £ £ 6; V% ις τα ;.
ὐτ'άνεύω (Mär®® ° ® Extfiuo and) a3g) σομέραςόλχζάζ € € ^ 9 shirt and ας ,.
     "O53 τὰ.
}.
, 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 50 1 B. v 4. 193.
A & T) ITragχω δοκά, 42je & A. Two days with the faulty fùmpti.
plunged themselves æquinoétium autumnal, there will be an anticipation, indeed, fol.
perseverance, or much depressed, and the other, to the Blessed Virgin. Why fequentes dodecatemo.
Syria lame, like for example, the beginning of spring on March 2 4 with.
6. How should the z straight from the practice versatile Aequin.
And the z components fell 4 eiufdem. But so much.
500 E P E A S O 1 O 1 500 50 5 B A A 1 S ,.
P T E R V M. 1 1000
E * A 50 500 100 500 A 1 H O N E R V V z.
5 E P E R S A R T E R 5 1000 5 M.
the household gods, who are in so much that the Aequi should furnish & tiali infistunt historical epoch, or measured by the course ,.
, or in the wintry Others are on either the stock of a mixed body; cuiufmodi is Iu.
Daicus, which menfium sails filled & cauorum other is the more Of the Moon ,.
enneadecaeterica argue that the period of the solar system. Others fimpliciter.
the Civil Law, there is no reason of either Fideris of someone who knows, but a silent confenfu ,.
Or the receiver, they still have something to fit each other.
due to your wishes. In order, for example, the year of the old days of the Romans, to the.
A N N O V A 1000 Lunar others are purely as Arabic, others merely Sa.
• Lunar form described that might have seemed far as the number of the day.
Rum immediately removed from the twelve menfium Lunar: to So.
the home is constructed, it seemed that when Merkedonij Intercal.
titijpost fingula biennia else. For so it is duoanni of the Roman finguler.
They consider the almost seemed to be by means of: Llinares, with the Merkedonio, however.
Solares their sakes which were, as was described for the hours of abiennio minute! Uliano differed.
out. Perfarum years again, to the extent tricenario menfes end.
twelve menfium five epagomenas vfurpabant nothing about al.
They referred to trust lie within the intent of postcentum twenty years, really.
gulari thirty days, that is one of the solid intercalation menfis to.
'500 ancient epoch recalled purely Solares ipfa phase of the census.
Then they can bestow twenty years. Why each comprise a se.
They consider the Lunar neither equal nor solar system κα3 'όμddo, however ,.
ie in the contemplation of the whole of the period, they are merely Solares, such as table.
He again starting from the goal returned. During this period the census.
Then twenty years, so book 3 difputata tongue is complete.
JE3 J \ s c h o A 50 500 A 1 was used, that is, A N v s.
500 El. Now the bear is the sun, to know moderately well.
BB 3 Ita294. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
Yes * A 50 c h o o 12 500 A 1 Estann great relief, consisting of an A 1 ,.
lulianis end is solid, and as many Egyptian flue complete with Russia.
Moreover menfe uniform. If the new moon day Phrurdin the Ka |.
abolition Majinciperet it after 1 to 2 years o March. T discovered.
granted. ἐπαγοράω an end to cling to 27 March. The neo:.
άποχομέγω walls and then it will end in Phrurdin. At 6 2 *.
April, however, to competebatvicefima sixth Phrurdin it will be Neo \.
the walls of the epagomenon, that year is called, therefore, will have a 13 menfes, the people who {.
Phrurdin are two of the bus, and the first tertiufdecimus, the same opening, and (.
closing the year Patulcius, like Janus, and Marcus Cluf the facrisRoma
end. Consequently, there is λεχαχός έ & egyös, making them to pass & compelling them side by side. i.
Thus, the first, to the fruitful periods of the ancient epoch of the new moons, and aufpicaba B;.
tur, but not eiufdem menfis. For the first year period, the new moon.
Phrurdin fell into epochs: 1 year to 2: 1, the new fequentis those.
menfis the same unanimous. Conftant 2 41 year neomeniatertij i5.
menfis, in 361, the new period. Finally, the neo menfium.
Charging into the walls of the epoch period of midnight, all with ■ ;.
Roman text peruagantes years: until after 144o years, Julia IIA.
we will not menfis confeqüebatur ipfas% henii to the first epoch.
Menfium on each day, the book vtostenfum 3 were heroes ,.
, or of the kings of the same name. Even epagomenae ipfas the names of kings.
stigmatized. but the names were too common for five Vltimus.
mis days of menfe. These were the following Ahnud, Aschnud ,.
Afphandemad, Vvahascht, Haschnusch. These are the names.
epagomenis general, are as old as five last.
menfium days, 2 6, 2 7, 28, 29, 3 o. How then tranflatio.
$ Tayoμάω standstill for Oromazda, whose surname with the neo.
the walls of the menfium, were chosen Aschnud, one desirous to an end in the menfis.
intercalaris, which had anteaneomenia ἄγάταγορ & ων. Now ipfas.
av.
άπαγόμέρου language school called, are called today, 100 8-9.
W a h a K, such as Egypt, qv? N 1 S 1. Arabians call.
> ».
.

