
After intercalation be that from Ciceroncm declarauimus, and before that.
crime, effet journey fuscipes, fuiffe from the fourth year, with the secrets of the Popes as well.
To the Romans, which he observed the Athenians, to whom a demand of the day INTERCAL.
They did this, as the years running Solaris, Solstitij, æquinoétiorum and winter.
turning tuerce. Fuum to distinguish the civil, Get thee out, therefore, the Roman adannum solar system.
on walls, so that from the exceffus Merkedonios the care of that they were to gather. He was having.
For a twelve year menfes Roman, 11 days, six hours. However, they do appen.
thou shalt say dics, with the one or the other the same number of hours in the &, and reigned two years definentc, INSERT BY D.
whims. And twelve menfes past year, she had two days, ho.
raj XII. From the days of menfis became one of the twenty-two, whom they called.
Merkedonius. xii, however, of an hour referuabantur. And so, fequenti bien.
mo out, twice eleven days, and twice 1 x 1 hour took place two days this.
The Merkedonius fruitful. And thus forward as the Board fuperiore.
noted. This means each of two years, which menfis intcrca.
condition, two days above the reasons fuccrescebant Sunday. Example.
PonamusD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 181.
From this year we put in order of six biennia fluxiffè. Neck.
5. Twelve days, 439 days of the year picked the Giuliano made 4; 8 ;.
The difference, 12 dies 5 so to say, there are many years. .Quod if fern.
intercalationcs continued through the fingula two years would soon become ;.
menfes winter may be transmitted in feder Aequin and hold, and fic.
viciffim the rest of the seasons of the year menfes does not square with the principles of definition.
tion. This is tempered. Exfpeétarunt until just Merke.
was destroyed by one of them; the days of accresccrct, can these be omitted. For ff.
more than, or less than another might intercalate, Merkedonij than just a mode of po.
stulat, this effect of radiation äetur deal with it. Years, we have each day.
fuccrescere. Therefore biennia produce eleven days, with the judges.
£ Merkedonij B mode or not. This omittetur intercalatio just merkede.
Dij, the chronicles of the XXII. Affect 12 hours, what fequcnti bienniocum.
dicbus X X 1 1, hours XII, will produce Merkedonius 1 1 1 xx days.
Why is the legitimate place to be neglected by intercalation fit the end of the year.
Rev. 1, where a year to keep pace with the Roman sun. Because of x 1 Ho.
Just above the re fuperfunt day of the year, they never exæquabuntur, except al.
tens X X 1 1 years, after which nothing is left. And so, the period of the.
Roman has been nominated from the old X X 1 1. Numa: & 4tque all.
be taxed in the year of the twelve menfibus adcurfùm of the moon for the first time. guem ,.
For thirty days / her throat menßbus moon does not give out / Antquam days.
solid in the course of the sun, developing men / the art.
I cponendo so diffenfàuit as vicefimoquarto the year to the finish line.
) $ Oils same, which is why orßeßent full animorum ßatiis of the county.
| gruerent. Full fpatia calls intercalation Merkedonij which INA.
mia fpatia of the year of the Roman brought to completion, vtcum the Tropic of Cancer running it is to be equal.
Now she intervention intercalation vicefimi fourth year, and, as that.
And He says, it speaks to the end of the year, all the fpatii vfque vicefimi guar.
TI ended, Metam Sunday to return to the Roman year. The falfiffi.
The mum. For it is not omiffa Intercalatione vicefimum the fourth quarter, so many days.
fuperat, as many as are of the year, as has already been explained. Sane yourfcif diferte said ,.
vicefimo fourth equation can be full of old fpatii :.
But if it is true that some interpreted this place last year.
/ 500 en masse, this effect can be omitted intercalation vicefimi period.
of the year: I do not see how this is done. For merkede neglected.
genius who had xx 1 1 1 day will never exceed the lesser of days.
Twenty Four. In this way the day had plenty of one, or two, if it fall after the year in XX 4.
Luke won Merkedonius days. But in fact, as I have said, the Romans, for so many years.
fustinebant until just Merkedonius dropped poffet. But that is coming to be.
twenty years. Therefore VICEF fruitful year, the Roman phase.
Rum, where tens of biennia äußöAga and a fine cmbo.
Q lifmo., 8 • ''. '1 e p h o s s c a 1 1 £ 50 R I.
Hifmo. In this way we came to be, that out of the 12 hours of the Refiduo for twenty two years, A. Immer:
kcdonius fertile periods of the effect XXIII days when Merke.
<Measurement of liquid fuiffettantum two days, twelve hours. And so on.
forward Merkedonij difpenfabantur, that out of the year, the Sun's reason.
there is nothing left effet, that Merkedonij peer involving odd and county.
compenfaretur not change. Since, however, the lustrum was the Roman.
smaller than a period, as the Olympiad of the Greeks, period, she stays.
from the beginning, from the first year of lustri was imperfect, and xa. The first PC.
riod beginning of the year of the first census, the second from the third by a third.
fifth, a quarter of the ongoing fifth from the fourth. The ceremony in fexta back.
In orbemfuum. And this is the time of the Romans called the s ae CVlVS :.
It was lustrorum xx 1 1, pcriodorum five years unc B.
Then, and ten. , Horace pertaining ;.
sure vndenam million per year.
As the song and games.
Due to the caufam centefimo year on year, at the beginning.
centefimo and eleven, the secular games were of the institute, at what time of the year.
the Sun closed at year period conucniret luster. How.
