
Government of lives. Council Aurelianenfè: guoniam / NT.
some fleäentes on Sunday, and the days of Pentecost, for example.
 omniaD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 699.
A room confònanter for all indiuafi / salvaged, decided / or O & Council.
O & T Easter vfque in the second Letter of Pentecost was standing by the wishes / olue.
£ 're.Epiphanius speech Catholic, and δ' άλου μέρ £ íeu s miserable 4) v.
; Άαῖετaι έν τη ωτῆ ἀλα κα3o ^ Jxj £ xxXnoig, φημι ό τετεαλ, έ τgo.
] Ααρθατω, άς όegς άνατης, δίχα μόνης ἐ ταντηκοςύς όλης ύ πεντήκον.
Ημέgô% and cùς έτε Yovouaia% worrou vn myčl aegogré% xTou. Ger.
the hands of the bishop of Constantinople, μῦ% κλύay Yow τὸ αίαςα.
oiu4 äuägg d% ας xv2! axis amuaìe rlu *) * κα% IIara, in ajjg9w.
 oiy yoμέγω δα ἐaginuige 3 Ne / 58 ajz $ Arco ;. (35 μάχά ἐ πατήκο $ ίς μ).
xxiev YOV A, Ra, AIA íuíegς μ% ^% d% OV ταχα άaz ερέμας xe91â *, *.
τά διακαρισίμφ. From this it appears that, once the practice of Pentecost Monday.
A fourth, the definition of AI and ywaiuoy worship, yovvxXoido on.
Repco grown to an unusual time of the rest of the year. Today, Ethiopians always standing.
by knots gathered together and hearing they might not of had taken part. Is taken by those wordy to.
Qdafe, that is, λε £ £} le Ia. Therefore, props, fine wooden supports.
Many in the entrance sacrarum destituisolita which in.
Mita, while σύα% $ celebrated, writes Francis Aluarez.
Q: MAT B in the previous (Jabbato) /? shall V 1 1 1 apply. Nimiue m.
And thou shalt come) is the Canon of the Passover, solemn than all mobile things: whose relics lie.
The account is the first in Amharic Sunday before the seventh.
* Gefimo Roman Ecclefias, the Greek τειόλον by three.
songs. Syria & Elkupti this Sunday in Ethiopia, which is Aegy.
"Ptij 100 N 1 N 1 v E call. Laoi • For the Syrians the men is said to be hidden away, Tzaumo.
miniuoio miles yo%. NutuTix), or 12oSa Bovvotho, λύδαέ this exam.
Niniuitici iustitij introduétum times. For three days earlier they used to.
to receive the down with anguish, which Niniuiticas was used instead. Behaved :.
 Report prissa femme now fasting.
Faithful freely on record volume. .
"Look on. So, the clearer that from that spring there, it is transmitted, that is, from the Ninevites ,.
There was, therefore, that the eodemloco Prudentijcolligimus, indiétiuum, fine.
imperatiuum fast look for the word x Ambrofij. Aluarez: JCD.
Lay people often, vtriufque fexu Trinity, Advent, ieiuo.
 Mamta Wednesdays, oh day of the week. A Christmas% at home.
tonic for Purification, 1000 quodsolemne I e o n call, ie mullet.
iunium on / scratching. Triduopofi, Niss is a Sabbath, or the Lord 'appeared on the scene.
tasting, monks and priests meet TRACTATIO incredible hardship. * For.
øssirmarunt PObut remaining three days of food only once thighs. The.
Do ^ Wimiue time to call. Those are his words. .Atqui Niniuc.
Our different. Sunday is the Septuagefimam, fiuein.
Twins fasting Amharic. Canon then, the whole well-disposed, neither.
 him as is customary another action perverted Eclogarius. The phase of Ajax.
? N nn 2 αιμον.
!.
1'7 co. E p h o s s c a 50 1 1 1 1 G E R • ,.
ciuos this year was the twelfth Miazu. A. entrance of fasting fextadecima
Iachathih. MatquexxvIII of Tir on Wednesday. Add in charge here.
iv matque if it Wednesday. Therefore, Nineveh was born from.
thither, is undoubtedly the Sunday before Septuagefimam. In reality.
liquis risk free.
x alertness. Olives find amonte) Mount of Olives is XXV 1 1 1 ,.
or xx 1x Sexagefimae. In fact, I see that the geminate vfurpari. This year.
Mount of Olives, the X 1 1 1 Magabith. Niniue second Iachathith.
Therefore, when the second Iachathith x 1 x 1 Compofita give Iachathith. .
Therefore, x 3 Magabith Mount of Olives, from, as we have already said. Here in.
go to Nineveh a 1 1 1 Iachathith, thereby then goes fast.
Niniuis. . . . . .
1 1 alertness. / 7o / Ammar find), the whole thing is Canon Canonifmus be.
flowers mobile Nineveh. The niniue 1 1 1 Iachathith, of course.
from the day of the moon, as it was already very nigh we have said. 11. In addition, there are five.
Hofanna will be the fifth menfis. In other words, the fifth day of menfis, in the quoHo.
celebrated already noted, it will ipfum Hofanna. That's true. The fifth out of the.
mm Miazu Hofanna of this year. .
1 x alertness. Found a Passover) with the same doctrine fuperiore. For.
two, Nineveh, to give Hofanna. And the seven Hofanna to serve for Easter.
Two of the seven Compofita when it happens IX: • that the Nineveh menacing.
£ ta give the. .
111 alertness. RAcb inuemies) three with three Compofita give strength La Question
chathith. Therefore, by virtue of menfis, has the property of RACB: there is one ipfum RACB. .
Accordingly, this year was rAcb Ginboth force, which is Matt Easter.
However, it was above the 1 xx i tasks truth. For continuing xx 1.
The passover, that confequitur a Sunday, the week, of which it is entitled to.
RAcb. But in regard of this has reached the Canon confequitur ipfum RACB, fyno.
While dioecefeos Wednesday 1. .
xvnI alertness. $ Olennius Teßaracofiae find them) truth. But I must not.
and the negligence was not the fault of a fe she putteth off. In the next Canon rAcb.
it was not the Lord 's should be delivered, but the days are, in which he is compelled to fynodus. This.
Sunday is to be delivered, one third Ginboth. In addition to eighteen out of the canon.
Xx 1 Ginboth have a formal From £ cnfionis.