
lassar, of which it is at the full moon was cited for the fifth year of enthronifmi ecli.
pticam by Ptolemy. Therefore since all these three points, the dimensions of the most certain.
most desirable of them so they can be examined, and the real season fuccessio.
in spite grab Sedekia back to the exodus, and here the beginnings ,.
so we will attend to it. Those who understand these things, thou hast brought us great.
take copies of by by the forgetfulness of the grace of the truth, were set free. He Viter- years.
bicascs by themselves: they think it strange, and the authors do, whom they call the profane, ignorance.
   rasseD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 399.
V. This is the clown of Rasses, I have been with faeculi actions of one individual, to him, because it expresses a thought quite differently.
divine and human, has, not surprisingly, they fit.
different from us in deciding which one is the story facras else to that.
to speak, profane. Historical epoch, I say, of Ezekiel, The epoch of those things ,.
I found the book unfit for Jews suppose that there ioculo.
settling imagined, can she say, from the first epoch Na.
bopollassari and centefimo vicefimo third Nabonassari. Do not care.
the mouse, what fomniant of profane sciences of letters, who despise it. No.
The truth is profane. On the edge of the secular reality facras it.
A ID E N T P A N 100 E 100 1 1 1 H O N AR.
S r e 1 1 5 500 AE.
E c H ONI A's, who have Joachin, acquittances is taken, ann6.
Matt Nabopollassar King that clearly indicates the Prophet Ezekiel :.
He was a year of NABONASSAR 148 411 4 stages of Julian, of the world.
33 5o, 3161. The Jewish prisoners, Ezekiel yourfcif. When the king.
Babylon is not less acquittances Ezekiel to popular parts.
Chaborras dogges on, whom Ezekiel shall he na? calls, Strabo and Ptolemy.
these were all Syrians χαέφας it is said, that shall come shall distinguish by a person who's royalty.
"Flum said. Royal River, fine Neha Malcom% of GVA Eh.
by order of the king, Phraates diduéta cuiufdam Babylonij. And so it is Syria.
Cccilli with Ammianum and Pliny. Pliny: $ feeling, they are down Eh.
smote also Hadadezer, the overseers of the work of the diduäum of Chebar, where will we we have said, that it divides, do not.
Why in charge / 2 carried imfestaret, Assyrians is vniuer / is AP.
pellata & 4rmalcar, and / ignificat royalty Flum. However, in Pliny.
correction, 1000 N E H A R A 50 1 ^ c A. SSo 5αι * From these words.
Plinijincessere could fufpicio 2% μὸν Θασιλκόν and X £ fjw same.
are examples of a to prefer that the scabs Kevar; from the sultan, who gave the order to the King.
um River diets seen. There is AóÉja £ iifdem auetorem that.
Aborrere Marcellino. However, there is Chaborras. Auetor geographies.
The Arab Karkafia places the city on the east bank of the Euphrates eiuf.
inscriores allui said that parts of the river J ** "(" J O · g [9,3].
DHarias or harbor, called c h a b o R. eiufdem Chart above:.
this place three times, twice in the case of Eundcm the author mentioned at all. . .
Li 2. 500 Εáo © 1 o s e p h e r 1 1 1 Sc, Al.
500 E 1 N 1 1 O N A T I O B 5 100 500 On O O R S
A B A B E G is N 50 O N 1 AR.
N O N A B V c h o o s o R 500, whose Megasthene Strabo in the memo.
NES book fifteen Jerof Chaldæus with Iofephus as supra.
we head out Nabopollassaro, to Nabopollassaro in.
fuccessit control. Xx x 1 year to be assigned to the berof.
1) ecessit year Nabonassari 149 Nabuchodonofor have died.
NABONASSAR year 185, after a reign of 43 years, as the same Re.
Rofu. Why does the seven years reigned with his father at all, among whom I have.
Her father administered in the war years, Syria and Egypt. About.
Clemens, remember that this is the first stroma, and τέ σεσσιατὰ ἐτά ά Σs. B.
Jaxis ßaaiXe (z; Naάχοσοψόθς τὸ ἐ 2 Gray jyeuoia ártov * £% U% Dy%.
άπί Φοίνικας Κ & Iedaia and ggr and waits άς φησι Eng ^ Aro, W ^ X% ίς σαὐταῖς.
i 3e / a / ;. Ioáôaç AE Aosveiay ypx4® two SYÄ tlu'isoeiw ^ (J $ Baga.
σά άληφέa, uapTup tlu * dy ^% w τ 'αὐ} i. This name has rules.
bet the extreme end of the same father's name, and dupliciterin.
The writing is found, it can be even with the three ways nysaai> ;.
Nebgchadnetzar. ng * aiay Nebochadretzar. And so £ Na and XO.
δονῶθα9; & Naάχοο} σθα9; said. It can also ny * ia. Nebo.
chadletzar. For those three confuse the Chaldeans to the liquid or to take these letters.
mince: 50 N, R. Letzar, Netzar. Labonitus, Nabonidus. Mega.
mines, eofque fecutus Annius spoke he xgoyo ^ n29λόγωνApollo íumma im.
experience in Metasthenes transformed. Nabucho first year.
donofori stages is 4to 6 Star. * *.
A NN O E 500 E 100 1 500 10 1 1 50 T em p i
5 S E A S E 500 and 100 K 1: AE.
»Exodus are the foundation of the Temple of the year, 479 of them. Aeon.
\ Ing Temple at cafum Scdekiae 428, least abExodoadcom.
Tditum Temple 48o. on the one side to the cafum Sedekiae, 4o7, and co.
Dem amounts. The sum, of the year 9oz of an absolute: qui fit with the anho; 217 D.
periods of Iulianae must be paid, we will have the truth of the year are taken and Sede.
Kiaere 412 4 in the period luliana. The year of the foundation of the world.
336o, 3171 Jews, who are both feptenarius number. Therefore.
Was a sabbatical. And this also is from Jeremiah; diferte the traditional, ca.
Rescue xxxiiii. When the Prophet perfpicue opens the ipfa vrbe of the besieged, the first.
first is freedom confiscated fuaf to its prediction and flags.
nmanumiííos little time afterwards, however, in the feruitutcm retraeto. Why immediately.
 Nabucho.
¥.
A.
