Epaétarum board equation, namely 1 52 O remaining 76 firms.
e grade year period. I say that the year of Christ propofitum.
1595 was the last stages. For a period of above 76 years.
Volo'33 o s e p h 1 6 1 50 1 G s c a e r r.
I want to know what happens epaéta. The number μετέμπτωσεως against an A.
Romans 1 5 2 O, which conducted the years, even the sedan.
Rum 4, connect with epact, which is over 76 years end.
26. O 3 has to be. This is it. Propofitus the year 159. 5, e.
Oh paetre for a year Iuliano. It must be observed, moreover, all the menfes lu.
βολίμες is in Appendices 1 x dicbus Solar excref.
They say the arguments above the moon. Therefore, the count of Easter radiation EPA.
& Debentincipere flows from menfe Easter, namely by March. And so the X1.
a day which projects above the year Lunarca, began with eighteen Fe.
bruarij, where x days of radiation as I Embolima menfes equal.
Since, however, be used and, 6ολά, that is, when vfurpandus it.
Nifanius last month for the epact will have 11 days FebruarijB.
final. Vfurpatur menfis s ballet for it was then for the Nifanius.
Menfis the embolism is in x sorties days. Epacta i.
'Investment in their searching. How, then x% λῆ be used to EPA.
CTA will be counted back from the last February. Example. Be an.
less unity of Christ 1598. In addition, as the principal criterion Dionyfiana ,.
1 52 O & thrown the nearest small, left in the third year.
Epaéta great periods of 76 years to add the number 29.
75οςριήσεως 4 1 5 2 O out of the country. 33. Dcduétis made 3 Oh, that is fern.
the method Epacts remaining 3, epaéta course of the year.
propofiti 1598 that counted backwards from 28 Fcbruarij the year.
general from 29, however, the year bifèxtili. And so, on the fifteenth men C.
Pascal will become XII of March, this is the second Krion. Lord.
refurreétionis will be about three o'clock Krion, fine IX March lu.
Lian. This is sacta éx € ολὸ Nifanius, for which he received last month.
Thus in 1614, the same method will find epaétam 1 from the lowest Fe.
bruarij between them. Where will again be used and x% λj as the latter.
In Nifanius fuccedat month. Compofita equation by the board.
 step five. 3 2 3. This is the cyclisxvii agreed five years.
for many cycles is μετέμπτωσις a year Julian, not sixteen, Vt.
When they asked the Hipparchus, who, however, were not ignorant of the same period.
Not just that, but the% d \ όν perirc to four orders a day.
Calippicis push. This is why we could devise some method p.
cpactarum, which is more easy to bear, that is to say, however, be nearer yet. For VET.
Ram wants to establish a fine method is Jewish, but this fruflra a.
Tigari. Why is the method devised by Christian Jewish historians.
thought, I it seems that there is no other cause of asserrere life, except the hatred of the d 'Agyoy into Judaea again.
daeo concept.
ON A N_D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 l 1 p. 4. 337.
.
A 500 E 100 E A N N N N O. 1
it appears clear Agoj ^ o; xpoiixì, for example, fifteen day period,.
"Mctonis times, in our example, fue was demonstrated.
above. And even if the next full moon phase recte obcatur Po (t ae.
quinoctium, wherever it is in the last year of Julian, xa.
men, many haetenus cenfuerunt the Decree of Nice, she does not quite match.
Ti, except æquinoétium radiation in the X X 1 March in the neck, where it again.
fit to the Fathers of him. But if the invention is æquinoétium radiation.
xx 1 of March forward hæfisse, hæfurumque: the same reason fingen.
All these things will they have a place in the form of St. Julian is 500, in which it is.
Edum back too xx 1 March at the same time. Thus, if in a year.
Rev. Julian æquinoétium in March, this is the year of Christ.
3 2 5, then in his first year there in xx 1 1 1. At the same.
He is only two years of absolute τ £ οηγησις sacta a year Julian, who have begun.
Julian cxamcn of the year, and the year of Nice are, shall we have said, that the day of the week how many fit li.
tcra 100 a year Nicene it is known Aequin & tiV a year Iuliano.
Example. On Sunday in Nice, let the letter A. Then, 100 ,.
which is a third of the time, then Tuesday, and consequently will be æquinoétium.
on a weekday morning. Therefore, whatever the version Sunday a year.
Julian, with one-third of the debeat for the third week in what will be a fair trial.
noet. As the year 1596, the C version Juliana Sunday.
100 is formed for example G P. version of Nice is the fifth version of the F
Why æquinoétium be on Thursday. Therefore it will be in an M version.
no Julian Qug fifth c litcrit the Sunday Juliana. In this way, as I mentioned, ,.
Julien will be a year of rule of Nice. But, what of it is in the way they were going to.
bereft? There are only two years, to the limit, and the period of certain things.
establishing a solar cycle because the cycle is only necessary.
Julian was to be interrupted by omitting bifèxtum few years ,.
as he orders the τςοήγησβ χθονική. There are only two ways we prove annual income.
tur Alfonfinus & Gelalæus. ipfas rest 4a / V & G $ fate lie.
"The skin is our choice, that period can partake decided ,.
show. In just two years Alfonfini be resolved or when.
Ddringentorum years, or 9 x 4.