
Some time præcifum cam once considered to effect movement of the sun ,.
or by another.
500 out of 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 B. 2. 16 ;.

A or any of the other fiderum Xaoxolicaau. For if he agreed menfis moon.
the effect 29 days'; "It considered reasonable effect Xaoxoil: isaaiv ,.
fyzygiis Compofita that broke out last abeffeta; 65 days only.
wounds. There is no doubt the reason for this period is to be entered into by us, recte.
cffet. Philolai vitamhabes with Diogenem Laertium. About this PE.
Rio Plutarch realized in actions Philofophorum: τῶν σε μάχαι.
Loy & yiov ol μὰρ ἐν τί are δx%) $ n <*), oi d & ri êmsaάςκαετη21%) of de.
EW% ίς ἐάκον (α ύός deeore. vndcfexaginta For a period of years.
this Philolai. .
500 E 1000 N 500 E 1000 N A L N A T I O 100 R 1
In the books of Democritus T E R Abderitis Diogenes the work.
^ Whose title made auetor, μόγως άγιω1} ς, if cise9ogi, IIapd7m.
yμα. What manner of man he was, however, & how great a man, and the year, teaches that Cenforinus :.
O is the Pythagorean Philolai ammus fifty years of change. Soon:.
The T) emocriti from animis eighty two, with two reprises desirable.
detriginta. Democritus the fine in any doubt existimauit year.
3 55 Of the Moon the chronicles of the effect, as there are many other of the ancients, so that out of them.
fententia also, one on fyzygia is made of days, 29 hours, by i4.vel, what is the same.
the minutes of release 3 5. Another of the ancient Rome.
military reports. So she was just a year Democritus Julian ,.
:.
may be equal among the Gentiles, I at the time, and also that the Roman cenfebatur, on the day.
Rum is 365. He dies 8z increased by 299 5o are made with.
12. And fyzygiæ hours traxov% με € 9 * 28. This is 84o dies, DC.
299 5o deduéti leave 29II. Through 8. 3 diuifa give 55 days.
praecifè. However, those 2 hours, 1 excelled and had ignored Democritus :.
Quod si we had been thirty-intercalation, which is the natural from the caufa so many.
fpatia years, suitable for carrying out the moon, the lunar year Ministry.
a mere criti- between the Arabian, fane, or very near to Arabicofuiffet.Nam »99 5o.
1 to 2 hours a day are made of solid 84 years Arabic fyzygiæ 6. Day 6 :.
scrup.48. Nonlonge epilogifmus to be away from the truth he may be. And Fane Ministry.
Democritus was a man of so great, so that even in matters which are each deceived, ingenijtamen his.
THE size ages. So far, as in this outstanding innovation ,.
which veteres fuperauit, it does not have the same force iudicijadmirari us to interfere.
This is much better than Philolai periods which nequest.
the litigation, in harmony with the reasons for, nor of the moon? However year.
This Democritus of two books: The first, as we know from Laer.
tion was μάγας άιωτός Saut d 29ouih in which that account.
the bus astronomical demonstration mode that periods ,.
How μάχω and / ta / lw onto book in the other description contained.
- j s e p h o stellarum168 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
DZ stcllarum a, y%, while the east, West, and the signals A.
properties that ἀπγμα be above the warning O & tacteride godlike.
Earthlings. And Fane twin Pliny, and some other annotantcs ex DC.
mocrito to the ἐπισημασίας έ Φωοέω, not out of another book, then by the.
@ 8% v τάγμαός Δημοκςί depromferunt.
A big O N 500 E O P O O en 1 500 AE.
A 1 1 100. O A S T R O N O M. I.
N Colleétaneis Stobæi Phyficis, which Bibliothcca clariffimi men.
SAMBUCI proceeding, the head of the season, this confarcinata part.
From Plutarch a $> ge / wóloy% ίς φιλοσόφοις Legum. τόνδμάγαδιω B.
τὸ ol μάρὰ τὸ δκαετηςό τί%), oi oi δὰ τὰ ἐπεσκαιδεκαετηςόν δ έν ἀ ;.
τετgaz aoiok átaoiy o ^ ό ό%%% Xoy, ÈV οίς ούοπίδης Κ λυθαγόegς. This.
, mutilated and in Plutarch, Legum: of which the part of the beak above, I have brought.
mouse, in period Philolai. But it is a false ánxoy% £ Tgida fuiffe.
6o years of solid, but they turn 59. fexagefimo plans.
the other period. Olympiad four years and how it is constant.
gods & TA zra £ 2 MPI ;. But no doubt read in effect, ol d e e * x% 3% &.
ävög d% εσιν, ἐν ἀ. For ἐγός, && dì; they are almost similar. Obviously PC.
Rio de Pythagorae attributes to man, than the books of Philolaus the Pythagoreifuiffe your deeds.
forth. At the age of 59 OENOPIDES Chins attribuitfuae period ,.
but not to the nature of the same. Defines, for the Year of the chronicles of the solar system 365, C.
When the twenty-two days vndcfexagefima. Vndefexagin.
ta the agreed period of years Oenopides, and those Philolai. And so.
fexagies 3 6 5 dice, made of 1 5; 5. Add 2 2. a combination of days.
6 O thou who are the years of the Arabic language all the 21557. fyzygiae Jn. Itaquc in it.
When phase angles fyzygiæ 7; Oh, INTERCALARY twice vicefies. Money.
rinus Francisco Pithcei: Philolaus the natural haberepro year.
édidit fexaginta four hundred and 5 halved. Aphrodos / US TRE.
hundred fexaginta ggque, Oh Lord, the eighth part of the day, as Callippus, however,.
100 * C Ixiiii and Aristarchus of Samos tamtumdem, G5 also match of the day.
tem, a thousand 500 Cxxiii. J / Eton is c c size, and five days vin.
deuicefimam direction. oemopides c c size, odierit two ôviginti D.
vndefexaggßmam direction. From these words Cenforini quantity.
anniSolaris investigated productive OENOPIDES ciufdem OENOPIDES PC.
Rio opens. And so, and the year of the Sun, has been rich in OENOPIDES, in addition to.
