
When the new Nifanius is Sabbatum.Tunc for pentecoftes Judas.
ca fell on a Sunday, and the confequenter pentecoften Christmas.
fìianam, as has happened in Paffione Sunday against vote Sophia.
ftare that the Passover that year Parafceuen property. So horribi.
Still less that of the sun to Jerome, he was not able to happen to fexta If the thick darkness with the dispute.
vvan, or, after He hath the sixth Sivvan, has been rich in the natural cauff to occur.
Ionum and solar, that is, the x% * £ 63maU aoxfin35 as such is not poffit.
have happened, except κομ'wig% aa, ^ fi'w.Scd velocity; potuitSol fail nouilunio.
Sivvan years, 39o, 391, 392,393, 394, 395, the anomaly wide orbit.
aduerfànte task. Why order out of the mist more.
eftille the litigation the place of Jerome says, in such a way, so as to, are highly prized & speaks thus of adfumi it is not.
poffit. Similar penalties; mist with Tertullian the shoulder% \ love.
the natural sun would in an assembly of the people of Utica, almost the extinction of the light of, adeoportentum was, v t.
FAILURE of the ordinary man can endure this hypothesis posstt in fuo / Bloodgood, 65.
home. This Tertullianus.quanquam he says hypfomateSo.
As for those & the chamber of my, I do not understand at all. We know, indeed, what fint hypfo.
formed the planets and homes, but by Sunday hypfoma hinder each other since.
mis fails, admit it frankly I do not know. Again reliance Chronograph.
loous, the beginnings of the emperors of the Romans, that after the times of the house of the Antonines ,.
vfque to Confulatum Aufonij, confusion and chaotic full effect :.
eaq5 the method of the debts, do what it can, caftiganda effects. For, out of the dif.
putationibus night, the start of Diocletian badly at the beginning Oct. serse
Tire, that was referred to, and from the infinite, in that long wandering of a man's deeds propagatoseffe, already decreed.
conftat, præfertim in the hiftoria perfecutionis.Si which Eclipfi the diagram.
as inanimate, on behalf of, or difputationem a long controuerfae of any epoch.
maintain wants to avoid cam contcxta fast again. For this.
v. ζ 2 plancYLíí p r o E 50 100 1000 E O N A.
/.
it is not entirely alone interrupt the feriem, but also his mind.
Leétoris in diuerfis diftrahere. Olympia quanque fignct sua day ,.
menfis Hyperberetaei ​​of the fifteenth day of the Olympics, when ipfa say.
Julian is also the menfis attics, who has never had menfe Olympics.
in keeping with the: and as I may forgive you in all things menfis to be added.
is, so would never have menfisCaeleftis vfurpandus, except he first praemiffis cha cha.
Raeta Zygon and Julian day, to the new Zygon operations.
For all these things are natural, Prifcorum signs of appalling civic times, is not.
and an untrue, and consequently; arbitrijnoftri. Nunquammenfem a popular fellow.
nienfium metonic the end of mense the town-hall, or a Calippico produce itself.
During holidays from auetorem noted with reference to carefully examine pm.
from the Auetore the error takes place in the marking the flue, flue from the volume of a book. How.
For the lack of lights falfo, annotate, beak above, as we have said, so, too,.
ia by means of DxO%, at any time of the day set offerings before the Characters false witness; The con.
At Rome, the Chriftiano is dipped in the stone, in which it is said to be seven Kal.Nouembris.
fexta Confulatu fertilizing effect Monday Stilichonis.ex quofcqucretur Con.
fulatum productive Stilichonis fuiffe the year of the 4o6 not 4o 5.
Consult on weekdays and Chronicle Confulare Marcellin Co.
gentle. Confulatu Stilichonis first, 2, 6 O & orb of the day Friday ,.
do not Confulatu fruitful love. It is He, I'll give credit to, the year of the first.
Toledo told me Concilij fuiffe Confulatum soon after Stilicho.
end. that is false, and in the correct place on Æra Hifpan.
ca. Eiufmodi false notes on a piece of vacation confutauit.
perfecutionis to Diocletianea that Eufebioaffutum is, as yet.
`Eufebij not affected. Now the rest of the founder of the Annals per fe, or Faftoruma.
nimaduertere can serve. No trials have learned mistrust.
Tables of ours, and all the gains are subtracted from this method. Dost protector.
to enter into the grace of not only labor, from the pofteritate so easily attained? Huiufmodi.
the work, what else shall come to pass, that, as Pliny says, if any velutitem.
the memory of the embrace of the whole of antiquity, a man's deeds ?. Auguftor & plum
But if prefer other than this didiciffe us with no good.
ftra the grace of the name of the noftrum diffimulare he is allowed to, or you may be ashamed, do not.
plagijs or theft by us poftulet. The one and only purpose to meet the parties.
to deserve well of the end of the labor of fuo pofteritate. Why dreads? Why pl.
Get outstanding undertaking? Want more before it can άλgvicz bad.
ness than true love? Do this by omnihumanitate and tartar.
behavior and dried letters? So this is not a burden Quifque detre.
And decay, fcito from the pofteritati benefit you aw.
Likewise pofteritate a great honor propofitus effects. Goodbye candy.
Leet. New Batauorum. .
CON.
l.l.?1 OMNIVM CA PITVM.
CONSPECTVS.
Q_V ae h B A 1 1 50 1 S St.
100 N 1 O N T E N T 5 R.
A 1000 1 1 50 5 P's B E R ,.
Q_V 1.
IT IS.
500 E A N N O ae Q: A B 1 50 1 1000 1 N R E.
& Hours of the day for the rest of the parts of TYE. 4 7) the period Macedomum an Alexandria.
tumnal. 48.
1) the period ßithynorum. 5o.
(The Period 1) Guelph Pythica. 5 1.
{OE period Thebanis. 54.
(Oe PeriodoSyracufàna. 56.
© period of Spartan. 57.
1) Sami & aliarumGræciæ the period.
city. 58.
Oe year fictitious Herodotus and 59.
IT IS.