
33aigaoiy. Yet another reason for 33augeoiu "y fiugg® the lunar year. For in.
four years Tetraeteridos done in one or two adfummum $ 3A1; $ yo.
The annoautem lunar radiation sex. In fact, in alternate years with the menfes: Llinares.
effent filled and hollow, all had yet τετακα α}. And for that reason.
that interrupted his alternate, one of the days, as he does not déîeg fecundafecundimenfis ,.
but τςίτη said. inreliquis and so on. Aristotle Economics se.
Secondly, the mnemonia Rhodes tyrant Lampfàci: ETS $ $ egl4oy already.
πσφήgéîœ τας (¥% 3xizg, $ 6% μό & Ia Ἀμφῶ $ pipXiov ?, 4ασκων ἀσις.
500% ίς ημάeg13 8to 4 / λακω αυςδ & εμίω, ἐτε τοgãdo and τε δαπανlw ποιό.
ὸς, τάς cb AIPEΣIMOτΣ λόγων, Lampfâcenorum the year.
it was merely the moon, of: of which equals menfes them, although he said, Lo, Effe, however.
agaxoy% με09 seemed now that is τψιακούσα had. The soldiers are.
How many menfibus ftipendium take account of thirty days.
menfe cauo.At cunning tyrant menfibus * $% α had a hollow argument.
gáéòς. That & fequentes incident. τότε ago? x £ vov% and 33% egtiö.
@ $ Τί σζgg. £ reuuiz; throughout; A 2; ix, 7) μάρ τςατα μJui Ta; I2, i * g *.
 μ3393,36 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
μάeg, τὰ d! άχορδμω τάς. T &% ν δ τεῶτον τςοηγ, δως εἰς τιμ τ ^: ιακασα A.
% Λ%. Previously, he said, to give folebat Poftridiè day before the Kalends. When, however, effet.
33ajgsoi ;, inqua for decades menfis a third thought that 29 diestantum.
to a creative and fequentis because of suffering. Then, as he is a niggardly to do it, something else.
inftituto tenuit.Namprimomenfe 27 days metiebaturannonam :.
2 5 ongoing, and so deincepshocmodo. 27 2 5 2 2 2 o. 17. 15. 12. Jo. 7.
5.z.o. Thus the entire mcnfem maintenance. This is a clear place.
Aristotelis.
ID E P E R 1 Oh Oh Oh 50 N 500 1000 PIC A.
TI's e Tvs 1 1000 A's are equal before the fourth day above the Greeks B.
c c obferuatio sixty days. Confultantibus how the Greeks.
duly facras to visit an oracle answers that 10% 7tdagia facri%.
pacified. When asked what effect {x% y% πατειοι 3υ again refpon.
fum, X3, 7 in. A skilled interpreted to $ y x3, 7ra75a%, and ¥ 3 trophy ,.
cffet Svey κατ 'ἐνιαυςάί, κ% μῆναςχαβ ημάe%. If igiturannusSolaristan.
as well as obferuaretur, does not in all fatisfieret the oracle. For κατ'άμω.
τ and the fàcrificaretur, but not 10% μῆνας, έ καθ λμάegς. Annuses.
nimSolistantum is to menfes to the moon, the vtriufquefidcris. Vifumigitur.
unto them, lawyers, and, as the good life and of great goodness and Panegyrides, qualcs were the Olympic Games.
behalf, and Pythiadum, menfe mcro Moon was kept, and the specific circular plates.
Cult inorbcm to go back and turning Sunday and seek That vnicoC.
embolifmorum a remedy is made. And so, ftatuim a year, the twelve pie.
norummcnfium, to which the two annectebatur appendiccs dics, of which the, or.
norurn four iuftam perform vifi period equal to a month.
Lunæadipifcendam, one day deducted from their appendages. Hoct.
So Tetraeterida vocarunt.Ita Olympiad, which was held debcbat pie.
nilunio, he fell to the fifth, the tenth primimenfis.Et the fic Κρῶc præcife.
facrificatur for x3'Qk ^ fi'w. Again for intervention Embolima menfis.
second Tetraeteris confequitur course of the sun, thus xατ 'ένιαυτόν force.
fàcrificare cut, and therefore x% fiuáegς for R $ $ $ filu AG ^ x%.
Ἀμον. But it deprehenfum after several Oétaeteridas made of.
duabusTetraeteridibus combined to increase each time above the D.
the reasons for Solis.Itaquecum all Tetraeteridibus fingulidies is taken from the.
Here, we should make aliquandobinos being pulled down. Ifque year, the quohoc.
happened is we have δαεζαθεοΊμαὐθ. Menfi to be restricted.
the hinder part ἐαjg; ai; one day to two days and ἐαίςαις agreement that diferte.
We taught Cicero. Cumigitur peritiffime from Aftrologia & Hierophan.
tis two days that the exemption should be made, first of all as Callippus for him to see.
innoucmdccim Tetractcridibus, qui fuit of the year 76, and four times for two days, Get thee out.
fault.
"^ 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. B. I. V 1000 51 37.
A mendum.Vidit iniuftequadrantem day for a meton abandoned, and.
277 6 days Oh, that Metonieffent fèptuaginta six years, to leave years ago.
Solares one day as examples of desirable anniSolares 7 6 59 277 days.
But the nineteenth Tetraeterides Greeks, nine menfibus full Intercal.
63 bodies are made 277 days; ALSO if deduct 2 77 59 day leave.
quentur delivering more than four days XIX 332 / 3aaiu83 ordinary. Already.
7 6 2 7 3 6 days of the year Greeks are O, in which fiadieceris 2 O 7 days of nine.
menfium intercalary be done every day 2 7 6 3 O, who detraéti out.
277 59 dicbus leave the aiagx and you appendages onto ,.
They 1 29. 1 29. 6 to 7 years diftributis, all of which Tetraeterides XIX.
will send 332 / 3ασιμαίοι, but only four of them are ἀσε% αιςεσιμία iftar ,.
B first, fifth, tenth, fifteenth, this eftannus fourth, VICEF ;.
quadragefimus, fexagefimus be δαεζαιδεσιμαίοι so that nouilunia first.
Surprisingly, my menfis Tetraeteridum square, and Fane elegantiffima this happens.
their ignorance of the movements of the moon, of the form of, in so great, that even without the chance of disgusted with the.
hendere poffit, that anyone who wishes to make trial of. Callippus quidemnihil in.
rc innouauit those things, but, as we have said, only in the nouemdecimTe oftendit.
