
45 days intercalary that confurgcbant of them infitiuis Luke and.
Rev. 11. Nor did any other reason can be better than these two.
season. That is to be true, then, was the chronicles of 1461. Tetraeteris lu.
bifèxti of Julian, who is our father, or Eudoxus, as Pliny notes a. But trieteris out of the.
planned on alternate days 3 O 7 and 7 and 1. 3 is rest Achilleidos first :.
mo cleganter Trictcrida onto base. D.
- This is in shadow.
Alternating wet and weaken JMatres confùerant.- three years.
Alternatively, namely pry 7tag $ ic & yiowrów Xavxa% ov% y. But the room.
He was corrupted by today's Statius. For a read calternum r. p. 7rie.
teric4 m.
HancD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 4. »99.
%.
A service of this definitive those who have lived and the Aborigines from fiuc abEuandro, fine from the aencae.
EDO & ti year fuum 3 5 4 days determined until fuperstitione.
3 54 355 for the odd fashion vfurpari, with an intercalation.
and only the Abefita unchanged. Alternate XXII and XXIII.
bicnnijintercalabant.Itaq fine day; there were 7 of them biennia in alternate years; .
3 3 days and 7 days, auttriduoGræcorumbienniorum exceeding the limit.
dence. Ficbant here as fine XI For two days, with either Matt supra.
Sunday excrcscerent reasons. To whom animaduerfis, one of the Merkedonius.
(That was numerumxxii or X X 1 1 1 STANDING days) omit.
She confessed. The sun fié xxil one year could be maintained. Then eleven bien.
mia things that were done, the days of the ancient Romans 8o 57. Vndecimautem bien.
E inhibits Julian days were 8o35: neglectus hours of appendices 1 ,.
So he argues is the z 2 a day, that is just one Merkedonij no.
dus. This delayed beyond the reasonable period of two years with XL.
attendants, quorumdeccm had fingulos Merkedonios disciples, Vltimus.
 mum and two years, it was clear, however, common to all, that is to say the days of.
71. This was the period of the years of the Roman people. Since, however, among the Romans.
fpatium five years it was the Greek Tetraeteris just.
equation, would be a period of years in which he was so close.
every year, after two years from the XI and begin the Lustri a covenant: that they could not express.
testaccidere, except in those five periods a demand. The first period begins.
From primo lustri, atertio the second, the third, the fifth, the fourth from the ongoing ,.
100 fifth from fourth row of the board consule book fertile and head out.
Roman year. The result was fifty five biennia, that is.
c x years. with the five times of the year in which the Romans were the types of Sa.
the paternal hearth pariabant, periods of Ipfa, however, with the five-year period. This is the time.
C V V S A. 1000 50 stages, with Circenfibus sports, and display the information.
used to say, to prevent the omission of the reason for his trouble and confusion of the year. But with their place.
lo omissuminstaurari command burning. .
Aλλ 'άπὰν μήu $$ "Â £ 336 * 0 ajjp & Roiam ,.
Zωής εἰς âliœy £ xaTÒv% Tov xux d ^ OD & fr ,.
Mauûôrou Popo, Sec. .
DNota are out of Publius Valerius Publicola and ara Terenti & Trinoaio.
worldly. Panegyri diuerfa head of this year. For years the head.
during the winter time. Those pertaining to the games.
summer. Zofia, 3, 5 rlu) leg, and $ leg, * o 3 fiusgå öAiyw you. "
$ £% gido dixóvou, Sec. At the symbol imitating ing from quiinitium priscianni.
winter, amusement and Olympic summer days engaged. This.
The reason why the Roman tartar CX years to be evident, such as Herat.
cccinit ,.
Gerst4 .i4oo £ 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R 1.
sure vndenam million per year: \ A.
World, such as songs and games.
And now we witness Sibyllæ produetus: ά ίτίων ἐπαῖδ σέ.
xα κύκλου δάζω. The omission of the vndecimi Merkedonij and ignorance.
caussæ Saeculi the Romans, it introduced a perturbation in the Fastos, than.
expofuimus the book of the ongoing, with whom de rcliquis of this matter arising, progresses.
fulare allowed. .
500 E P E R O 500 O MAGNA Dionysiano.
1000 N 1 V 1000 periods goal is the equation accounts ci years.
crude and readily available. For Salchodai complete and B.
Dodecaeteridum penny Athens, and Cheled long.
braico and Roman Sæculum this one, are so effective.
a stain, by omitting to, or the connivance of those appeared on the scene in the vfu their own.
the pore signs of appalling civic of daily food, that it was ultimately obicc of the equation of props.
appropriately. I do not deny that the head of one of the solid menfis year centefimi vicefimi.
first start of the former fedes fummouebat old bear, Sept.
DAEI and Hebrew. The Romans, on the contrary, the omission of one of Immer: a remedy.
kedonij year centefimum vndecimum are in the Vcteris Epo.
ChÆ to restore property. A'μάod "voia term phase.
restored to life, coot, and the uncertainties of the doctrine of the Christians of the event with the veteres.
For he loveth our a certain period, to undertake the more learned, that has opened, of which it is explained, 100.
cation is based in Lunaribus pariarent. And indeed, Theo.
Philo, & other quafdam architecture. However Vietorinus acutely observed.
easy stages, to be able to no then the only thing to be done, rather than into the duet of the solar cycle.
the lunar cycle, which makes a total of 5 3 2. However, this period shrink.
Dionyfius restored, small catch, beginning her first year ,.
He and might meet, and their descendants persuaded not by baptifmo Christmas.
STI that made Victorin. Therefore, haetenus not from the Auetore Vietorinus.
ns, but the interpolatoris Dionyfio, Dionyfiana said.