
Ezekiel. "See how well things cohere, and how auij true nature.
of the times they are carried, there are those who at other times of the history of the temple profane the epochas of fiction, v t.
which came in the annals of the nation, private records and histories that request it.
in reality, of the things for posterity to mockery with empty conieéturis rumors.
buerint. .
E £% "• £%] To this point, nothing is corrupt fuccurrit Russin. Vetustifïï.
mum is a fault. However, it Iofephus scripfisse history ipfa cries: £ aa.
5% άτει τ%; E% Z %% ßασιλεύς Na®938 / 6Gaco £ sto ;; πολέopxó Tveor. Tarsexi.
x £ VA J ἐττι τχς Eipouov KJe9s as a Péhanc regtss% ελαςer. Of course, do not feptimo JIl1mO.
I was Nabuchodonofor and He began to attack the kingdom of Tire, the bestower. for it is not marked by such interests are concerned ,.
Ithobal museums and fed on it. From what we have touched above the clear feptimo year.
Ithobal Tire was attacked after starting vicefimo seeks the overthrow fuifle.
Julian was taken from the waste Nabuchodonoforo year period 4n8, a con.
ing it to its Tire, 663 years, 264 years, however, before again from A.
1exandro be defeated "with which the case has received Less than sub Nabucho.
donoforo. \ n o t AE. 3 ".
J.
doncforo. And this Tire Nabuchodonofori about the thirteenth year.
warriors. For the nineteenth year of Nabuchodonofori, which was vndecimus itself.
Deki, for Tire, Ezekiel comfort himself, purposing the destruction of the work of some other horrible thing eiufdem Na.
buchodonofori, in that of the city shall be left to such a degree that, indeed, not a trace, nor of.
A rare restored. Div. x r 1, 1 4, 19. It is entirely unknown to us.
For when there is a Tire had been destroyed, it becomes much that there is in it, was spared by a trace? Where.
way he never was to be established, which can in no time, or not to the strong.
ma, the most considerable of, populofissima have been found? At least under Darius Nothus prosperity.
MA was. Zachary 1 x 3. What do I in Alexander? What sub.
The Romans, præfertim under, Severus? Look for damages on the money. Also see.
Strabo who, upon Quintus Curtius, who was by other men. I prefer to admit they do not know how.
unmanned, cones and incense oxlauayó. Haetenus Archie Phoeniciaca, most of whom.
We have learned from the beginning of the expedition Syriacæ Nabuchodonofori to start.
monarchiæ complete Cyrus interval of forty years O & cfter to. It is not.
dissicile it would have been forty eight years, think back to the beginning of the year ,.
Nabuchodonofbri to the beginning, and the fourth year Ioiakimi king of.
not arrive, it tametfi Jerof not have led us to this, co. Why is a sure fit.
Áes this Chronologiæ Phœniciacæ and the recent mendofa of Epo.
Cha Nabuchodonofori assertion.
Topq / EAG] This piece is unjust Christian name.
Accordingly, a Phoeniciaca appofuimus because of a very old Phceniciacarum things.
Rum writer Sanchoniathone matters. If you pick the fruit is not the end.
Σa; gu / "% A,] Sanchoniathonis Berytij Phoeniciacas origins of talk.
In Phenicia, and attracted the attention of the Greek Philo, Byblienfis, and a writer of very ripe, that.
"Woe to the books of nine.
2. C ;. ISESI%] "y = y. .
e) <$ <£ 1 ey o] r Ω iey in liters is equal to four plates, whereupon.
is said to be άομα τετ € a9gauuaToy, but not vowel-points, which it is well marked with the of the.
bet. For example, those points are of childbearing moderate and TI do not know. Where.
For do I now esserendum was, that they were free to conceive to no one, save only to the Bishop of Rome.
the greatest sin, and this is the tenth of the tifrum, and indeed an & àyioig. Philo is Mofis: 2ev.
avj and 8 * I (and XO, Dawa qἐφως · άόμεργέτω vifa EZ "e ¢ * * VOA, δόμα *, § λοις.
τίς δα? • yxaJfa, Goigs. xsxy% αρέδύοις% εσύει us, λόur C, zybio, άλα J'savit ;.
"; Xàv §jauod%. So nin "I was read. Seventy-K and radiation.
erg interpret. The name has not read the first chapter Gcnefeos ,.
Elohim, but @e) ;. But in the case with the fertile rnin xleug. Argue, therefore, on the one side they are.
Tertullian, & one of the old, the Lord God, that was not first to have been ,.
which Adam, by I exclude it would be. But it is also common to gods, Elohim, gen.
components. However, RIM, which Kveu9 Greek interpreter, is the proper one.
Of the living. You see, she gave birth to what is ignorance of Hebraifmi. Those who laugh at them ,.
In one, I did read, and think that the recent practice of induétum ho.
Dierna Jews a pleasure, they do not merit, with which the refpondcatur. nin Aouaer RA.
Σπος means Philo the same place, and indeed RC & you. Today, the name.
Kippurim of the day in synagogues customarily expressed in summa hanging.
do not. The intended: Vijai rnyºpa * ianpa Eyri ns, n is vnpra.
Imfâmétuariopronunciant O N N E 1000 through / cripturam his invrbe autempercognomen it.
The pla58 1 d N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
The same thing he says that Philo. Scripturamvocat four letters in his surname.
men might, Elohim. But back to the Phoenicians out of the appeal.
and they go a Hebrew, one of confentientes. If Theodoreto believed Samaritan pronounced.
La sufficient for a £). In quasi or rvir, ό ά. Tetragrammato then call them, no.
It teaches also that, indeed, alijido, so that an Orpheus, an & Diodorusli. 2. aÆ§25 Gig Ig Nascica MA.
O & ύ τ) IA £ £% v ZS and voy®®. Others £, alijaliterenunciabant. However, it may be.
part of the spoken Greek opinion expressed by some that the seat ;.
x% of peez £ καθ 'άαςυ ἐυ Θεὸ ἐάαχιφάω.
Also auetor epigrammatij :.
She qyariara ©% as the μάγαν ἄφ%} i ^ y Oji.
Teguuzzz 7%? Jvov augur G ratiez.
