 But it does so.
mouse as a chronology or πύακογραφ® 'wear supportive.
in history, it can be true, by this method, as well as to curry, as well as false witness.
Earguere which is arranged in his lecture-this happened. For Six. English.
Victor, Andreas Schott, a man was instructed in which he published, our God, is writing.
O & tingentefimum the City Claudij sixth year birthday was celebrated.
as well as thought to be discerning of worldly games were celebrated from the days of Claudius Caesar, Claudius, himself are.
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 L. Vitelli c o s s. The year of Christ sunk to 47 other places DC.
displayed, the cycle of the moon x. If there was fextus, and the year Claudij, therefore.
Claudij began the first year of a cycle. v. But it is.
seized by 4. Therefore, an error in the Six. Anrel. Vietore, fine Auetores, p.
n library to be assigned. The chronology of death in Clement.
Alexander is a Thoth 4 2 5 Nabonassari to start Claudij ,.
think 365 years άτό3α ά τω άγεμονίω Tegudvixë K ωδε Kaia ;.
C 9 ;, άτη ττισκόσια ἐάκολα τὰ. Claudij in the first year of 789.
Nabonassaro. Nevertheless, supra demonstrated that starting Claudij ca.
dence in the 788 year Nabonassari. After one year, therefore, he said. You see ,.
through the cycle of the method of how much he is informed, whether by means of the adieétiones.
aad it might also be the earliest authors errors opening.
Sometimes we are forced to use only adieétione years, as defunt cæte.
m was governor. But could it be that disability should be introduced, so that in years long.
rods. In fact, of the solids-year-old from enumerating them, which it was not once.
produces Iofephus, it must necessarily fequebatur, Herod was dead of a cycle.
Munday IX. But the best of the author he was being betrayed by the same defeetio of the moon.
ta at the beginning of the first cycle and teaches that the deceased died. Tametfi method EPA.
The cycle of the moon and planets from 500 starts in March, although the method for years.
him to begin on the first of January, once we pointed out that it is not.
ON INI.q.68 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
500 E 1 N 1 1 O N T E R O N 1 St.
T. E 1000 P vs. inItiJ Neronianus we can not ignore, because it depends.
from the end of Claudij, that can not be hidden from us. It's time to exit.
Then it was unknown subject Suctonij accuratissimi writing.
er, and treat the subject filentium, was not about to pass by, if the attention of, though she had been his.
diligence, as well as for those of others, he who was of such a matter, enunciated, namely, differ.
ing fententiarum Iofephus, dementia, Eufebij, Zonarae, Xiphilino. However.
The satisfaction of Suetonius knowing, He would not have been diem own energy, one draws on it, what is the same.
Feribi, Neronemeodem on obiissc where Oétauiam interemerat.Pu.
seek the day, did not know what to be more tolerable than the known praeteriisse.
But now, I can not finish it of indifference. In the fourteenth year of B.
Empire has been extinétus to. Quartufdecimus cycle from the fourth.
the seven to nine others, namely Claudio dies, aged 47 67 stages.
Julian Day 1 1 1 Oítobr. Why straight at Eufebius died.
Claudij conferred by the year 2 year. c CVI 11. Then enters the government.
Neroniana. Confirming eiufdem fifth year running, the quocon.
happened Sunday defeetio, C. Vipfànio Apronianus, L. Fontcio Capito.
c o s s. Iulianae 477 2 year period, Non. Id. May. On the second ,.
1 of the cycle of the sun, moon 8.anno world 4oo 6, Leontonos v 1 1 1. Neo.
2. walls Zygon 2 O 3, 3 ', Sept. Jewish xxv.anno 3819, Nifantri.
cefima. For Ijar to 3. 2. 274. Kalen. May. If the fifth year.
3 Nero cycle, the first cycle, 17 1, and a Kal.Ianuarij xvii au C.
freedom from Octobriantecedente. Iofephus again writes defeat.
military leader Cestio, which turned out insolenne (klu / o7m) ia3, O & menfe to.
bd, committed the twelfth year of Nero, the incuntem :.
feptimi the day of September, October, close to the center O.
his day, was a Saturday. The cycle was then Sunday 18: The letters at home.
nical F.Siannusperiodi Iulianae 47 67 primusNeronis of the menfe.
Oétobri, fane XII at the beginning of 4778. Therefore, as above, there was cyclusSolis.
x v 1 1 1. Iofephus book t d άσεως, κεφαλ. λό. Torix μὰ άκτη% to £.
zTiaje jwo, êa gaz3m. KA% δ τω άπάτω and c.Septima the dieSeptem.
of November, "a band of men, which he was leading the Metilius, tribune, approaching, they slew him, faith ,.
I gave fraeta. Therefore Iofephus fubiungit: έκοιςφ ό άμετεῖς »500.
ῦς αὐτός στός ό suoi)? ix; Devay irílaeg.%. § & D) (A €€ ατω.
Nuvas ÁÉax £ von τὸν φάον. The fequentes however, teaches menfem No.
uembrem fell into 1 x 1 year of Nero. Therefore Septemberadhuc.
in varying x 1. Nor is it surprising that confuesset every year.
Jewish people believe that from the beginning of the year, it is the beginning of Nero.
end of that empire. Then he was writing his books ,.
And it was no, and the year of Judaea, there was a commonwealth of the Jews, fuperstite. The same thing.
videturDE purchasing a T. T e P o R v 1000 51 1000 BV 469.
A seemingly doing and in annisCaligulae. This is our method, we socerebellar ;.
And we have known, even though otherwise they can be expcditissime from the adieétione-year-old.
Claudio died in Julian, 99, 111 ID. O & account. Monday xvil cycle.
Nero was born again in Julian, XVIII Kal. Jan. the cycle of the moon six.
The food thirty-second year running. Nero years of age bored.
xviii method Monday. Then the cycle is lost twelve years, and instead.
Julian, 2 years and 3.