 On the Thoth 4 for F. Hence began.
the letter F, 27 January, as had previously been explicauimus, It was asserted that it can not be thou, which art.
This is convenient burn vfus Laterculi those who Ptolemæum Legum.
But if the number of years Nabonaffari excefferit z 28, then se.
the second pillar of the cycle, it is affumenda of Julian, as his title indicates.
For example, in year 2 3 2 will have the same cycle Nabonaffari VIII. In J.
Bcunda column to refpondet Cycle 2 5 Digest. For this version So.
minicaliserit E D. On Wednesday, in which the O 2 1 eratinliteraF blows.
rit in literaG, December 3 o. Scdquia the rest of the menfes Nabonaffariper.
Julian refer to cycle Sunday, 2 6, must carefully avoid adolef.
Afterward came also, always the same cycle, lasting for the whole of the year, let them not suppose vfurpari.
This only happens in four years, that is, 2 of 4, 2 2 5 2 6 2 2 2 7 in.
The first column. The prolific in years 1, 684, 1685, 1686, 1 in 687.
the third column, in the years 3144 »3145, 3146, 3 147. In all the rest.
Julian cycle two years who always claim to meet Nabonaffa year.
vi. Quareit cycle Julian cycle Nabonâffàri refpondet resting in the region ,.
This, he says, estcyclus Thoth, and if there are others who menfes, or inside it.
100 whether the cycle. For it is clear it is not all in one cycle of the year, Nabonaffari.
Julian standpoint. CEI, forina writing gold fuum the bill.
Christmas day of the year Dionyfiano z 38, cyclo Sunday xx 1 1 1, Moon.
XL that we know of in Iphias Jn 14 since the beginning of time.
The great and give them a summer writing and TIFF and anti season.
continued rescuer. It then writes that year Thoth Nabonaffàri they do not.
gentefimo O & tagefimum on a sixth incurriffe. d. v 1 1 Kalen. M.
Has this estinxxv June. Abieétis 28 out of 986, remains annuscycliSo.
Nabonaffari fextus issue. In the second column finistra the cycle of the sun.
z 3, as propofuimus. On Thoth grain. The Sunday version cy.
CLI z 3 is A. G. Therefore, the second week of June, which is highly prized and twenty three. Analytically.
Ibterea quadrant 986 years, namely, 2, 46, 56 derive, rclinquo.
19o. What & ipfa amount derive from the Julian year, leaving 175 ,.
the last day of the year 985 on 24 June. 5. The 2 986 in the Thoth.
In the same Cenforinum had already stated that, VLPI & Brutio Præfentc.
c o s s.anno Nabonaffari 886 neomeniâThoth incurriffein XII Kal.
Of August, it is the mistake of librarij, and not error Cenforini. For the hundred.
Ægyptijdant square, Caniculares xxv.hocest years, twenty days. Added.
2 5 2 to 5 June, July 2 O incidisin. Pcriclitcmurcxasidomotegi;.
I3I1§.
l.

* 2 O 2 ', O 1 s c a s e p h 1 50 1 G e r i.
drans years 886 to 165, 165 of the 365 deducted deducted 56.Rurfus A.
they leave their z oo, that is to say 19 July, the last day of the year 885. Why.
Thoth 886 began on July 2 o.Abieétis 28 out of 886 follows the cycle.
18. Nabonaffari the side finistro indicates the condition Thotham 7 in.
on the right side, may be fruitful Julian VII the pillar of the cycle of the sun. On joy.
Esqui to be feptimi charaeter xx July. However, quicker, faster & diet ,.
they shall give it to the year of the three things I make for the addition of a new moon Thoth Nabonaffari ,.
I cast and tie all feptenariis. Now the method of the moon in memory.
fibus Nabonaffari come. They, therefore, for the most part of the fatisfecimus ,.
in general άκοστόαem? this is from the years of the equable previously. PTO.
Hemæus book V of the first set nouilunia Thoth Nabonaffari 23. μά.
*%. that is, Thoth xx 1 1 1 1. In all the minutes and 44 ', 17 ", which is to B.
the Chaldean redaéta made 24 days Thoth, 1 hour, 7, 77 a.
Thoth the end of the first year eixooTay% £ TeiJG) Nabonaffàri it.
Twenty Four. Now we have initially, épactes down 5 against the limits of AF.
start. If the first four year term, xiii, which is an approximation.
withdraws, it will limit fertility, and thus forward it goes higher. Where.
terms of the order and structure of fuum digested easily fitus EMBO.
lifmi a period of years Nabonaffari facts. It is anathema.
The less άμέολιμαθ, which fcquitur term is greater. So the word gram.
third, the year of the third has 3 for the term, fcquitur whom the xxii, three times.
Nminus even bigger premise. Therefore 1 1 1 AP / £ @ ολμύ. Where.
animaduerfis, the period of the Nabonaffari, his embolifmi do not differ at C &
They quit their ftands & Progreffu enneadecaeteridis extent fep.
Likewise former embolifmi funtin third years, fextus, oétauo, eleventh ,.
fourth, decimofeptimo and zgth components, such as Enneadecae.
teridi. the other two are the Enneadecaeteridis. For EMBO.
lifmus VICEF fecund first embolifmus enneadecaeteridis.
in the third year. Embolifmus the last term, is abundant in the year.
fexto enneadecaeteridis. Therefore, a new period was to be instituted, of which the.
ἐποχω the first year of its first nouilunij Nabonaffari. Reliquian.
unless they are really Chaldaici, since they belong to the enneadecaete.
rida a Chaldean, nor does differ from one another, save that she has epochen Nebo.
naffari have implied. Now the board eixooTey% © £ Tgid double D.
cem committed iniquity, so that pugillar TWO-LEAVED, which he calls the two Aufons. The first consideration.
will hold, is, as we have said, annosperiodi, the first of which is a mere historical epoch.
