
Kish was killed, a senior member of the nurse άνωνυμ® years.
years. After this digay% o d ελα / αςέle, I nnny or nnnyy%.
We twelve. © doâgvu this fuccedens brother, Eryn years, no.
Rather. I interfeetor against Pheletes, ipfe φάλης, nºs, Menfo Oh.
And to. Hocinterfe% to a to z © yyns priest Aftartes thirty.
two. This fucceffo Cad% 93® 'niy play six years ago. This son.
puoityiw © fis3 bib of nine. Succeffit ®vχμαλιόyji% ypune that matter.
gnauitannos forty seventh. We see this in Rome, which, Vt.
we have said, fubminiftrauit to Solomon cedar-trees, and also Ithobaalum one, when he.
law wife and daughter iezabel led OmriRex Samariæ.i.Reg.xv 1 ,.
31. From trom death, the twelfth year quotemplum unopened.
accident 'is, deceffiffe fcribit Iofephus, to the feptimum year' ty.
gmalionis where her built Carthage, fluxiffe Iofe years.
fcribit claims 1 55 O & menfes to. However vary the system. Arrest.
dit for twelve years, Hiromi, who were excluded by the term.
thefin and further realization of Pygmalion 47, when forty.
One hearing angles. Thus, of the death of Rome, to the of Carthage, to be stored.
as well as be yet many years, only 1 o3. But, of all these things the kings of the, &.
Corus years, and any income from this fragment leetionem collected.
poffit discussed more fully elsewhere inlibcllo Fragmentorum.Apud Tei.
tullianum Apologético cap. XIX. Jerome Phænix King of Tire.
Read Hiro Phænix Yet, in the meantime some previously.
not to be told. Cartagena is dclcta abvrbc was founded in the year 663 ,.
Iulianae period of 4567, 737 years, poftquam by Dido conditions.
ta Auetore Solin. DC derive 737 4567, or abandoned.
In less feptem Ithobaalis 383 Pcriodo Juliana. OmfiRex sa_.
Marie-law Ithobaalis starts regnare 578 years from Exodus that.
379 is a period of 5 Star. Ithobaalis from the beginning to the year py.
gmalionis feptimum, how the years are abfoluim 5;. I led and is AE.
333 Oh, it remains the year 3777, in the period luliana, first the Kingdom.
Ithobaalis.Iniuit the kingdom xvi 1 1 years before the law.
OmriinSamaria Nine. Although these are not fufficiunt.
the FTA.
_ P O R R E G 50 E 1000 N A. xxx 1 x.
|.
II.
ftabiliendam the kings of Samaria Epoch, because fèripturamen.
tiononfit fraction annoregni was Ithobaal filiamfuamRegiOmride.
fponfàuerit, nor was the sixth year of illamOmri guidance vxo.
reality, however, followed certiffimum time gathered together here eludes you.
meritatcm of them, who have time both of the kings of the further sum of Samaria.
move the giant interval. In addition, it is inferred that period.
from the ilija for destruction, and to the formation of Carthage, to wit, of the year 299.
JEneas Didoncm anteceffit many years. He Tire Si.
the gifts of the poftea regnarint, Iofephus recenfentur from the Annals of contracted for.
codification The first i% £ αλος Yans defciuiffet with a Ba.
byloniis, cxpugnata Tire from Nabuchodonoforo, interfeetor protector.
Rcliqua kings who poftea Tire and Sidon and ruled the tribe.
tarij Chaldeass attend, quodnectacuit Jeremiah xxv 2. The first three.
Butari GAA ^ ya ruled for ten years. After this Judge.
άμιίραλ @ [220 \ αχ8 n'y 13% * ya ya ya menfesduos. χόλάς αρσαῖα.
* Tas-fa syn menfesdecem. αέαρ®2g245g4} ς ΠΣΠ NAS three. μύτyoy®.
1 %%% of the GE} ^% *% £ jiue xeílaj Diphivn oºs * Ty Ya nnügi) IiNy win.
fèx.Scdinter those two years and eight brothers and Z ^ DRG © g% Ya.
vmum year. μζαλ © 'arceffitus Babylon y> ^ out of the year.
four. This brother-smeared $ = yn years old. This thirteen years.
begins his reign of Cyrus, the same Iofephus from the iifdem on the motion of the arms.
Phoenecians missiles and feptimi year Ithobaal, Nebuchadnezzar.
nofor and He began to an attack on Tire, that was. growth together out of the same Iofephus iifdem.
annals. Most years from the beginning of the siege of Tire ad.
XIII Rome, 35 years, menfestres. The first year is 187 Na.
bonaffàri. derive; 5 abfolutos remains a year captæTyri 152.
Nabonaffàri, who was one of tertiufdecimus Nabuchodonofori, last term.
Nabopollaffari. So many years impenditoppugnandæ munitif.
Fima alarm. When she meets all of those things Jerof from Syria.
tamed the captured Jekoniah and O 3 year Nabopollaffàri fcri.
bit. Quambene hæcconfirmant of Nabopollaffàro father Springer.
chodonofori, and 3 out of 6 years Nabopollaffariapud Ezekielem? This.
Tire expugnatioab Jeremy prædictafuerat cap.xLv 1 1,4.Scd go.
rümTyrus arms, and taken from the same Nabuchodonoforo post.
the destruction of the Temple. Ezekiel xxvi.cuius annumignoramus. With.
Iofephus mendofe are taken away, abinitio of Baal, to the Xiii Rome, of the year.
54. vtex enumerating conftat. Efterror librariorum.Namab out.
pughataTyro, adinitium of Cyrus, and departed from this enumerating them annitantum.
3 5, menfes; colliguntur.Bearuntnos & hocAnnalium Phoenecians ,.
And the remaining fragments of ancient fcriptum with Iofephus, quæval.
frenant Chronologorum the license, appofuit hcbraic.
 2 6 names, 10 50 50 E P O R G E N O 1000 A.
/.

names as they ftudiofi, Sidon and Tyriorum language.
Jewish fuiffe. For DidoriTT is úvoxoe / £ ix6v, the nurse.
ces be full of boys will entreat the favor, of which the mafculinum cft David mt. Elect.
FAM Now r g'is the fate of conftat Hebræumeffe.Præterea Iofephus reality.
