 Ethiopia Ecclefiastica the history of Christianity.
We agei% A% calls. And when he was out of the old confuetudine around.
cidcrentur Ethiopia, according to Herodotus and other ancient fëriptoribus ,.
however, after taking Christianifmo foreskins of the exilla confuetudinis, of the means.
vfque day situation. But we must still agree with all damage by the law or that.
religion. Why falfo that preceded them æŸ some of today's fîipto.
business purpose. However, when the Ethiopians, such as Christian.
Muhammedani, and idolatry, too, the scourge, from the birth, all the lads.
Tim venasze% φησας hot iron to brand recognition, it is carried out by men.
rcbri the distillation fefe of protecting them, some of them amongst those fuperßitiofi.
hocD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 E. 7. 68 ,.
$.
AHoc turned to religion, and when a child is baptized, they've together.
Oehler temporary branded and acceptable to God what time do they deal.
dæ love fefe believe. However, there is no necessity to do so.
In fact, in the baptifmo nor do we even do that much. The springs do so.
tion of those nations, the idolaters, the stigma scripferunt Au.
And at their itineraries. The fact that it is a sabbath as well as those of the Lord.
they have from the work of the immune, that is not an argument Iudaifmi, but of the vc.
Christianifmi waste. For as many as the canons, ing those who, forbidding the Sabbath-day.
need to do? Canonxxxi 1 to 1 with Clemens and was Quifque.
he viii iya @rdo ® $% d \ ^ α τά ημάegς. ασρβα%%% XV2 / α.
x'w thanks ^ αέτωσαν έν τη έχκλησία δια τω δόασκαλίω * 60 {ας king. Et il.
Εlud he prefers the old rite celebrated in the wine.
tinetor out. Fidelity is then stopped, as it is palpable.
The Confecrat. Distinct. 11. When the charge where it taunts.
facerdotibus to the Egyptians, that intinétam the Eucharist osserrent, v t.
drinking together and brought into the wine again be squeezed out of the ripest. All things.
Even today, the Greek measures extant. However, the expression of reisins.
Odoardus Barbofa, he writes thus: Chrifiiami the Indians, who had come to the shrine of 5.7ho.
mæ ing before the Services cantemos represent the grapes on sea.
soaked, and then produces a wine that a shortage vimi. % \ Am the cornea.
passe they are brought down from the amech, 65 Ormuz, Thus Odoardus. She was Plane.
place are thus effected by the Ethiopians, who was in all points of the rite of the Old Ecclefiæ on Alexander.
Cdrinæ fequifè profitentur.Sed nunquamSabbatoieiunant for this fern.
By the feast, except Saturday before Easter. Where fequuntur.
Old Canon € i tig Neux x), and ge3fi rlu) XT? / zxlu) huíegy i,% Sweetness.
GZ '%, 7 ^ ω%% μόe, M5 & Joy, κα9αβάσω. Marcionists of £.
bato fast because they:, Ask on, at which the main party of the contemporaries of Epiphanius. Therefore no EC.
clefiæ, in addition to Roman citizenship, for the Sabbath fast, they eat either meat-meat.
However, on Wednesday, and fexta. 67. TG & ev \ @. Ta Poujoy% * & rear, rock.
¢ E; m </ ότων σωρραα, ό άγATος άλων £ AEI) aaßßato, xegteíro) xozyóy ,.
However, Innocent established the first week of fasting. See CA.
None 1 1 1 its regular letter. Nor fanguinem come again.
came, nor Sm24d7 \ @@, or, The dead bodies. Falfo which is preceded and ίζῆες.
ID infimulantur, ritu.vt in the Canon of 50 V from a most ancient of them, when this is the case,.
».
who are said to be in the Apostles' ei ti; ixiyor & h t CA Reg © h) cxoy © fi 6.
A »; £ £ x% x% λάγε isegtixä, 44) xgia; & Ajuati jvxi, Gui $ fi $ n.
'Euax% and y, h Synoiuaιον, κα $ αιςεύω, Sec. Last year, the Epi.
PHANIAS, fefe, are immersed in all the reservoirs, the memory of Baptift.
be carried out to establish the bottom of the speakers. They have corrupted.
custom when he brought her fuperstitionem of protecting them: of which it is the custom makes mention of.
Gregory Turonenfis a miracle. lib. At first, cap.Lxxxxvi 1. ¢ 1.
  μ € ¢ o s e p h 1 684 50 1 1 S C A G E R L
Day / or £ burn Epiphaniorum had not arrived, and the same side defeendit A.
rent, the cleansing of wounds in the body as well, that of the soul scars, they are asking this.
the remainder came to the shore. That is, Leo writes a letter.
Fourth, the Sicilian Bishop fault Epiphany BA.
ptifmum numerofiorem celebrate than at Easter. And so, it forbids.
them altogether, while the day, and be baptized. Bpiphan. However, he said Zozomena own.
Egyptians. That the greater part of the year, the celebration of the Liturgy of the sun of the West.
Brant, this is due to old instituto.Quod cymbals, harps and FYM.
had got the liturgy of the priests are to celebrate, that my lays, from the farthest antiquity is of ancient object in view.
then. Quæst falfo Justin attribute the cause is returned.
• Why é »EWX% ^ nota; p; άρ dJvxov ögyσων, κ, μ% dgxfivao $ x € 9τα.
7 \ () y ἀσέ). Happy Elegy for the Clergy Parifienfis B.
From small child adapts instruments Cam :.
Then / buying large ruétat from the edge of the horn.
Missee pair of cymbals as voices angle.
7) A / equal / fifiula figures that sweet / onat. I
But also to touch the rest of their own rite, it would be tedious. Certainly.
s lack of them, for example, and is used in innouarent and makes many.
interprets it falsely. Countless bishops facerdotes, DIAC.
we have a monk. Episcopafath the name of the Bishops and also to the Greek.
call facerdotes Papafath that the Greeks today. Patriarch Alc.
Alexandria tells of, so that the smoke of the Pope, whom fufpiciunt, Lika the Pope writes.
father. Metropoliten, the one who has the power to the all the bishops of the AEC.
