
lymorum That Fane account conuenientiffimum is that fcilicet cæ.
Hcbdomadcs to the beginning and end of eiufdem fübieéti, that fate.
folymorum, pertincant, $ eptuaginta hebdomadesdeterminata / ant.
upon thy people and / Jerechus city wilt. Would not it circumfcribit.
 4. cxcidio 50 £ 1. PRO 50 E 1000 E G O N A. •.
The destruction of the city? For what do they amount to? The Prince defruet Cl.
I John, oh sanetuarium? Also, Z) e / olatio for V / Mie the world.
mation. Who is so blind as not see anything, as in so much light? Who well.
the front of the iron, so that these things Hifca cine, would dare to? En week.
Daniel paffions Christi and Jerusalem and euerfionem county.
pleétuntur. And still others that the destruction of Jerusalem, others.
Paffionem here to hatch. It is not, therefore, obfcurum cli, which is why it might.
These debates feptimanæ, since when definant, ipfemet Give.
Niel oftendit. Also, the start of oftendit: 1 x 2 5. This is unfair.
components for controuerfum is, because of smoke in VE.
ment hatred, however feptuaginta feptimanis from 7 years Oh Christi.
Dionyfiano, in which the destruction occurs internally, behind him, do you think, shall we arrive.
at the beginning of them. But the half-feptimana, of which mention is made of comma.
will last, and noftros the eyes and slipped away. Some, for instance ,.
as also of us in times past have thought that, ejse part of one of the feptuaginta.
Whereas, on the outside of them there be vfu Hebraifminos tandempercepimus effects.
ptuaginta, nor the effects of the feptuaginta dimidiumvnius, fedtantum.
those three and a half above the age of 49 should be understood effects. What.
animaduerfio, indeed, as a significant number, so I have that is a difficult part of this.
ncgotijvcrtitur. With the half of the total number of the horumannorum 493.
air. Annuscaptorum Jerusalem and the periodoIuliana 478 3.
1) They deductus 493 abfolutos, left in year 4, 9a INPC.
Rio de Julian, starting fèptuaginta Week: the journey.
is a fruitful year for killing a bastard, that say, quianno ongoing.
Kingdom CDI, and I am not impediendotcmpli EMIFS of the building. Rf.
draet force. Vidimusex for those who are above the exEfdra adduced during the whole.
time permits, and Artaxerxe, vfqueadfecundum year killing for.
Arthasastha account of the letter from the Jewish hoftibus fcriptum buildings.
tion interruption. And yet cxtitit for vicefimo year.
Arthasastha weeks of the start of gravity. In the first place.
and commit sin, that it is from temporibusillius of the king are the ways, of which the tototem.
ceffauit pore structure. and this conception is dicere, Efdra are mistaken, or.
lying. After oftendant exactly edietam miffumcftanno force.
cefimo by me. Let them tell me, why did Nehemiah not folummi.
Mexicans, but also hurts the walls of Jerusalem is still in ruins.
of wax, except because he thought that was already inftaurata effe? If he thought it, therefore, that of.
some eDiets, what else cdiétum shall be published and beside nm.
Killing? To prefer it to the king only, did he obtain the Nchemias Traétorias.
And conducts tranfeuphratenfis districts, such as free Acceffere him with.
in the Palaeftinam, and also literasad Asaph fàltuarium, that is, the Son of the matter.
concentrated in cuftodcm, so that matcriafibi fubminiftrarctur of the kings sonne of, to the.
 A portasIP Ε G ο 1000 6 50 10 50 E N A. v.
doors for repairs, Nechemiyah t, 7, 8, 9. From cdiéto that VICEF.
mum year Arthasastha anteceffit, the walls, which are unnoticed by the Jews.
& TA lay out letters autemad Afaphfaltuarium gates refreshed.
Whereas, on the eDiets their convalescence or to Jerusalem and openly about it.
vegetable weeks. Daniel ix, 2 5.Ergo not from twenty years Strait.
Xerxis. Percri poftquam Leétorem a massive refutation.
as to whether a crushing reply, a long exfpeétatione fufpendit, Finally, let all who are.
scripserunt on this subject, puerosoftendit, he at length concludes, from the VICEF.
Moanne Arthasastha considered effeSeptimanas. Arthasastha year.
Longimana VICEF than 4 2 68 periodoIuliana. Menacing and tie 49 ,.
componiturannus 47 to 58 periodoIuliana. Derive Chriftiho.
Dierna epoch of 4713 remains the year of Christ 45, annisfolidis two.
decimpoft Paffione. And so she ran from the thirteenth year of Paf.
Fiona, the fifth, however imperijClaudij, eftfinis the week before. Ho.
mo, taught us the envy of myfterijexpofitionem, j ust.
multaalia method of Belo, and the dragon and the words% yXaj3xi.
n, n; iay Xai 3 agire, and similar, which he refused profanisáperire.
Quodnammyfterium cenfeo effein fifth year Claudij Cæfaris ?.
Along with this equipment Chronicles of finds fault with others, who were reet.
the nature of the times, they teach. Reieéta hacanili and ridiculous Fenten.
tia, fupereft them, but not at any rate be true, but, nevertheless, he was a middling, which is spoken by.
feptimo year eiufdem Arthasastha longimana begins. Is.
feptem less Arthasastha longimana 42 compofito 55 and 49.
defines a year 47 45 3 2 which is the year of Christ as hodieputa.
mouse, from the Paffione, interccditannus solids only. But.
Let us define inanner Paffione. If Pererius & difplicuitnoftra.
SulpitijSeueri fententia, falter omiffa the afinina, which for twenty years.
Arthasastha start inftituit, great native iftam. Peccaffet that.
dem, but with some special reason. Peccaffet human, nonautem.
{Traduxiffet out. For v 1 1 annomiffus Efdra inPalæftinam. However.
mullet edietam carried out by Artaxerxes. Only under him, and continuous.
