
to define but they could not. Since Cleoftratus 29 2 2 days, Harpalus.
3934, p 292 2 Eudosso plufquam less than 392 4: Mcton otherwise ;.
And rested from diuerfa Callippus and deniq; difcedens Hipparchus had from him ,.
The fententia, but the reasons for slowness of speech, caftigatis forgive you, enneadeca.
ctcrida gazes at least Juliana ftatuit, horavna cumfcrup. shortly.
more than that of the twenty-seventh. Ipfiquidem the end of the year and simple remedy.
intercalation in priftino epoch recur, but longointeruallo ,.
Julian was 2 years old fcilicet 28, quifuit annifimplices Arabic 2 3 5 ,.
fcrupuli day-old. And in the cavity of the lunar fu.
Blow uniform. The year cauus is wrinkled, whose task §3a / 3aai; fiuäegς.
Therefore, we have αβεσιμούον% &% is called. for he thereby brings him out of the day.
or for civil inftituto, cuiufmodi year is Jewish, had a.
100 feétiuum Computatores Jews call. (QuippeCafleu in that.
Nature is full, inftituto is cauus.) or natural cauffa of mankind year.
To the nineteenth Cycli Pafchalis Dionyfius day one taketh it out with whom he wishes.
onto the path of the Moon to Greek Computatores U% μ! U) (a) \ fine ,.
however inappropriately last year enneadecaeteridis conftituit day.
rumduntaxat 353, when the nature of the year, no one becomes a eiufmodi. Surplus.
We are a year Jaäuge9%). In addition to him, fiuieg äußöXI.
puGtam excauffa civic components, such as the Jewish Marchefchvvan in nature.
three times cauus, he courted him fully: the natural than to cx cauff said, that the eleven of the year to you.
fingulis Triacontaeteride Arabic are becoming stronger in the days when people reason.
Moon are gathered together. The year equable voice by € ¢ 6μαλόν. Iudæiscompu.
500 flatterers said ordinary year. This cft, cuinihil we may add, nothing is departed all the same.
levels. Vfque this led us to the lunar year equable less.
difputatio.Nunc dealtero by equable greater difputandum, in which, mocking.
ptij duty and Armenij, Mexican, and Perufiani VFI. This ancient times.
The nations of the East, was one and the same: except those of the fiquando the wrath of the.
χάρέμω five in another locumtraduétæ, diuerfa caputcon year.
ftituebant.qua ἐποχορδρωψtralatione vtebantur ij quipoft 12 years.
æquabilesmenfem solid intercalabant that bear who is ἐπα.
χορὰς be less fempcr reiicicbant the spring equinox. limit.
But, 2. B! 16 1 O S P H E 1 S C A L E R RFC 50
they called N E R V V z. And they Menfo defültorem A || .
â βάλμοι, all menfes peruagantem years, until the first time.
menfem return. He did not back the plan, except equable year 1461.
the year, who are the years of emperor Julian the Perfeet 146o. This is a big year ,.
whose menfes are uniform, thirty, years, days, a longer fim.
fold menfis. & Tayógôpou Now there are four, five years, for example.
But they fimplices five days. That it is to the form of the year, they have been retained.
case, in its ignorance of the year, not so much the Fola cauff was, how easy, & tra.
 & Ignorant and really vfus its popularity. Otherwise, there is no ferc nation states, which are.
Solaris did not know a quarter of the year, but the method that difpenfándi.
nefciebant. Moreover, a menfibus fuperfluis, who are the ancestors for three hundred.
days, that he retreated a little, of whom I neceffe is to be retained, a fourth of that time, this was stipulated, B}.
JEgyptijfingulis every four years on the rising demand of the day intercalabant CA.
Niculae and four years. it exaete% ^% Jaxòv, I% $ εά, δός.
xuvxbv, was used instead. Attics day every fourth year to a demand intercom.
waver between feptimum and mounts a day lanuarij. Among Elidenfes.
mounts, and the ninth of July. Syromacedonum, the Chaldeans and Jews and prosecuted.
feptimum and climbed Octobris. And that day intercalation a SC.
Constantini place it below the net, at the commandment of the times of vfque Leucidius.
nueruntIudæi: Calippici of the year, which together with the form of a flexible or is at any rate.
Syromacedonum wounds received. Athens was the Roman of lees of winter.
life of faith and to intercalabant, which ipfis Olympiadum myfteria's call.
whims. & The rest of the solar system in the year of all the Greeks of Atticus' For, & c t.
four quadrants divided, which κάτεα calling each dies 91.
Her 7; attribute. as a temporibusSeleucidarum, adhanc vfc¿ ;.
Day Jews conftanter obferuare. So there were eight July 7: oToa Sac.
vo, vu Octobris ijMuseia άτωή VII of January τεοπα) χάμεωα) var.
April we go / b. §224fi. Why, when the τεοτdς $ εe / ydg and χάμέe / VDG ,.
should sustain no other, understand, in addition to these. The LE & ianuse / AV of Intel.
and accept. This πάτα Jews Tekuphoth call. Gcrmanis Celts ,.
Saxons between twenty and xxv1 Decembrisintercalabant, which lays.
call 1000 500 V E L A N C H T. Tartar between the last day of January ,.
And the first of February. the first national fermonc fest roster.
• Rum call for white Veftré cam day practices. Finally, although D.
Lunar year, or aliolonge diuerfa putting a balcony, still silent.
Oh quadamobfèruatione poftdies 146 a day to stop cffet.
"Fentiebant. For it is not to protect the other way, the Hebrews are the four Tekuphas be less true.
• potuiffet, except quarter after quarter and quemq5 annumrationibus.
giving up. And Fane vnàquæq; Tekupha dierü than 91 hours, 7; And so.
Tekuphæ made only four days 365. Difplicuit, however, this wherein you stand.
