
I give the same anniGraecixxIII dielulijcelebratam fuiffe or doctrine.
We will open one. However, some of the ape and the like.
vulgatamin properties vanidicisChronologiis quoted cuiusrcicogni.
making one of the Pindar, whom the others lean in; they saw that the velocity; know that we.
docuit.Quemadmodumautem Olympics, such as Karniaplcni.
June celcbrata fuiffe first book, the chapter on the period Spartan.
(2 ^ 2 1 cftcnxv. 'PR O 50 O E 100 E 1000 N A.
ofiendimus.neque alone grow, but also eodemanno that.
Olympics. combustion; Herodotus says strength in the first 11 Olympics & Karns.
möOlympiadis7's celebrated fuiffe fcribit, d. 3o7 cditionis Hen.
riciStephaninoftri. When eruditiffimi Many men, and even among those.
Onufrius Panuinius father Hiftoriarum many accuracy of finch Vr.
bisdifferuerint fashion that it is nothing to do and the appended perfeetion deeffe videos.
tur, & more deeffe, however, be inferred from the noftris difputationes poteft.
Monereverodcbent Annals & fcriptores fast, quitempo.
m fuaadannos the City guided vtra Paliliafequantur, Varroniana ,.
or Cato. In fact, at any rate Onufrius nofter, tamctfi Catonemfequi.
tur, however, inquibufdam imprudensad Varro as holding up some deserters. Unless.
diftinétio this funding, staged many confequi neceffe protector.
Example Christi has in recent years by the City of new modes of years ,.
quodhaétenusabomnibus factitatum.Chriftus inanner Varrone.
misvnoannomaior is present in a person, rather than in the Catonianisapuda.
Hum. Thus, vtdixi, ridiculafunt. The fequentes epochis though.
occurritobfcuritas it is not done in the first, tamcnfempcr anything.
demonftrantur novel, præterfuperiorum fcriptum confuetudincm :.
where there are some things verodie and year of birth of Alexander eiuf.
that of death: from the Encæniis Maccabees, and dcinitioSimonis of the Jews.
Ethnarchae, quemIudæi John, about dropping in Hifpanica. DC.
quibusomnibusplurianouadifferuntur as trite and vulgaria.Iam.
we have referred to the fuum the truth of the year from the time of Herod the Iofephus exceffus ,.
which epoch a tiacum and it requires time to carefully and fear.
the reason for the notation, to which contradiction does not poffit, takes her, defectumLu.
nostril, which happened on January lx, 45, Julian, at the beginning of the year in which it.
In December Dionyfius small and inexperienced ftatuit fequenti years old.
applying Christi, nouemfolidis mcnfibusfcilicet after exceffumHerodis.
combustion; diligentiffimus $ 4 $ αλήάα% of all fcriptum Iofephus.
thereof, by the matter of the kingdom of the capture of aSofio At this point, that both you and said, deceffiffexxxv annolabente.
rofolymis.in the tameninterpretatio used. NamreueraHe.
rodesobiit annotricefimo fexto from the days of aeftiuis nonianni Julian.
"Ergotricefimus fextus year starting time of Herod aeftiuisanni.
Iulianix 51 1 1 1. He died initially Nifan.Igitur finedubio dcceffit.
Julian year x 50 V, which erattricefimus fextus, entering the time aeftu.
want to get, as we have said. But from the computation of the civil wars of the Jews, but not yet.
Isa 1 year iniuerat.Iofephusenim and Iudæieofaeculo thought.
a xxiii Ijar all times, so that alibioftendimus: whose confuetum.
conceived in ignorance of this that had deceived many. AbIjar the Hyrcanuses, fine, vtIudæi.
They call John 'Hafmunaitricefimusfextus year Herodisinubat ,.
quitameniam nine méfibus front of confuetudine Romanaini.
 uiffet.P R E C O O 50 10 1000 E N V 1 A. I.
uiffet. combustion; his deceffit is confirmed for the first time an accurate putationc.
diligentiffimifcriptoris, then marking eclipfe, quæomnemcon.
diction to do. But one of the epilogifmis Eufebij Herod 's land.
1 year Julian, 51, the seven years folidispoftillum defeétum.quiftu.
por has not he earned it Caftigationes, cumtanquamforexindiciofuoperie.
Archelaus was assisted by his deceffit Seleucia on immediately, the eiusfi rit.Nam be broken through.
liusiniuit: this can be, if we believe that to this oracle, Eufebiano, cQn.
tigeritanno Christi Dionyfiano feptimolabente.ErgoChriftusfue.
ritannorum the seven, out of Egypt, the warning of an angel with the reuocatuseft.
The eftridiculum. Again in the tenth or tétrarchie mother.
Archelaus from Auguftorelegatus is Allobrogum.Secun Vienna.
dumtempus from Eufebio has decided that this should happen in Julia.
no Lx 1, which was the third running Tiberij years abfolutos.
after exceffus Auguft. This modoanno third exceffus I drove.
ftus Archelaumrclegauerit.Vides d @ Aid. However innumero3 see ,.
This fomno the like. In fact, almost all the Chronicles of fane.
And the Annals of the ftigmate inufta equal. And I pray for these men.
the bus will not effect an exceptional intervention has endowed the Cæfar Baro.
nius, The Annals ecclefiaftica fcriptae, whose work, to lead us.
sacta is away from his friends when he learned of thanks ^ εχόμ $ μα fcriberemus.Is.
EufebijIofephum, drives to the mouse, a man from that in this place, as it were of the empire.
tumtemporum: cumEufebius you get them from Iofephus caftigâdus been native ,.
For abfque Iofephus effet, to what I could out of the Herodehaberemus? Who.
hæctraétauit, in addition to it? Who could it be, vtfcriptor, cuiusdili.
fidesin designation of the race and season fpe & tatiffima, iniispcccaue.
comes to an end and that Eufebius alijignoraffent? Scdipfe teacher, Anna.
the founder can serve to behold them, restored to life, vtrifides of this seizin, Iofe.
Pho, whose arguments cummotibus forgive you agree or Eufè.
