
uangelistas. Also in Tertullian in his Apology. For the speaking.
B £ 3 5o Jg®giua íuáegς: At the same, he said, a moment of the day of the midst of the world.?
though the $ ole / abduéta it. An eclipse, is at any rate hold the existence of he who does that which they are.
Chrijio predicated upon that mon / trauailed. And still the world's ca.
Aw, do you have your back to the archer. But, not only in the private records ,.
and in the bottom of history. For the Phlegonme cafus so memorable.
minit, as he writes Eufebius. The following words: Jcripfit true / αper them.
And phlegm, which olympiads grgius / apputator is, x1111 book.
He says the fourth ammo.c c 2 Olympias great and excellent.
Among all the things that had happened in procuring defeäio $ oils. Day.
hour / entrails so changed DARKNESS / AM moäe spring / from that of the star heat / </ Int.
land movement in the Aitbynia "Nicenavrbis many buildings fìbuerterit. This.
Cille. Of course, the choice was so famous as a reminder of the day, Archie Roman ,.
& Phlegon remarkable season included. Eclipfi the ranks.
soldered, that is, άπίτ 69% na * ae ^ bus relay that year, the anomaly.
the width of the moon, he argued. So they were out of order horribilcs.
That Sunday night, ipfo of the moon is full moon, which is about the Moon.
The sun circitcr defected to the West, epilogifmus astronomers.
CUS shows.
A N T E for the fifth phase, which was the last of the U and a $$.
* Savgaoiue eaezymorum the first time.
The year XIX Tibcrij Cæfar, Scr.Sulpitio Galba L.Cornelio Sylla.
c o s s. The cycle of the moon fifteen, Sunday XIV. .
And a year forty at Alexandria, in the period of the fifth, the common ordinary.
Tjfii twenty September, Thursday. But tifrum To-day, of the year 379; I £.
3. 14.747 set, to be transferred from the third to the fifth week, proptef.
c From 500 Α τ R & regáαι two days.
Shelters IX October.
Matt neonieíia Cafleu November, on the first day.
Dedication Macabaei xvil December.
Nifanius XXI of March, the day of the week feptimum; .
 Frima562 1 1 l o s e p are sc A C E R 1.
The first bread, April third, almost fexta.
78 year Digest.
A true Christmas XXXV.
Dionyfiani chips account.
Julian was 47 periods of 46.
Annunciation Greek Easter 554 1 »their account Moon.
5 527 ns.
3 98 2 year, the creation of Krion XIII. Zygon, 5. 16. 9 ',.
September twenty crossing with the new civic Jews ,.
A Thoth first Nabonassari 78o, Pharmuthi XXII. .
A Thoth A & tiacum ninth Pharmuthi VIII.
LV11 fifth year periods Calippicæ, MayvX * ® terrcxoqόεκατη. B.
C cu fourth year of Olympias Aaioie ἐκτῆ ἐπί d íxæ.
Tenth year periods attic, A / 345/216/0 ^ axiom, '.
5 E T E R T A T 1 1 50 5 1000 5 e o n e s e 500 1 500 K.
P O N A ss 1 1 1 1000's 500 O N C AE.
t fummouemur of the ancient auotoritate, of which the plan for the.
account of the doctrine, fanétitatem and must be durable. However.
which is the reason to exist, it is a man whose origin different from the other? Christ.
suffered to pass on Nifanius on Friday, this one fanus claims. Ah.
In April fifteen years Tiberija, eiufdem year to April XIX, quinquec.
Passovers are: fexta day of the week of unleavened bread, of which the first two were alone.
They have sixteen years, and in the nineteenth year of Emperor Tiberius. The year XT 1.
Tiberij from the baptifmo was fruitful in bringing the year, as we have already seen, of which the Ni.
Matt Martijferia feptimi fan. Accordingly, the fourth to the tenth of the Nifanius, fine.
Dάμων opening, VII April, weekday force. Some early Christmas.
And as soon as he preached a year writing the fifteenth year Tiberij ,.
In the sixteen cross. This is the oldest opinion.
Clement ", τε τα3® civi8 dx2 / £ ολγέρόμοι aia4igeou © μὰρ τυς τὰ ἐκ.
xaJs λατg er 3Tigeie Kaja% © q> a £ ράγχάό φαρμ83} Z rock, Oh.
m> gu <3i renoy 3% O / τὸν σωτῆeg AíyeQixxv Phamenoth the XXII Mar.
tiV. which is so lacking, so that suffering becomes a Christ, as it tartar of wine since it was when it happened.
circumstances there could be, unless the cycle of the moon force 2: This is the twelfth year.
Tiberij. How, then, xvi Tiberij, at which time the xxii of March out of the.
Matt month rat? The same thing to say about xix, xxv, or Pharmuthi. Temp.
genius two years ago declared third step, as we reported supra.
is Vinucio and Longino c o s s. This is the cycle of the moon xii Sunday.
XI, and XII Kai. April. This is vicefimum March. If vicefimum.
March terms with the day Friday, the Sunday version of 500, cyclo Sunday.
> <1V, LunæDE E 1000 N 500 E A T O R T R A V = 1000 51 B. 6. 6 ;.
A xiv Monday XT, which had passed Ch ffusum fiuc doubt suffered, but only for three years.
After Confùlatum Vinucij and Longino. i! • deserve ing quæcon.
fûtes. Augustine xxv of March: to whom be was Kish, the i.stomus contrary to the assent it.
reduc fuum, the case adds neccssario court dcbuissc allow XXV.
March: quiaeadem was conceived. If he dies xx} V Mart, Friday ,.
The Sunday version of the B cycle XVI Sunday, Monday xviii year.
the Empire, and Tiberius xxii, the current week, and I indeed, O ye & the eighth day from the Baptift.
no. That is the whole subject of another's property. Therefore this should allow ,.
Or in the same step, and the sponsor x v Tiberj year, cy.
CLO x Sunday, Monday 11, vndeuicefima month. What no one will allow.
But Cassiodorus to the Confulatum v Tiberij we note the following: With these shalt c o ss.
BT) May our Iefus chrift suffered VIII Kal. In April ôdsciio.
the result was as before or after has never been.