
Gemschid. Hence we Studiofi ,.
500 1000 E P E R N A G A 1 500 o C.
H A 50 100 500 100 A 1 A.
Oh iifdem uniform Babylon 5 500 years, which Aegy.
ptij & bear, vfi desirable to believe this year Nabonassàri average.
Bile. NABONASSAR was King of the. Since then D.
fingulis dodecaeteridibus all the other senses of the stars in the whole wide world.
to return to have believed it, would not have done, except those dodecaeteridas from the cer.
ta epoch rounds. So, branded by our bifexta. That is ,.
When the fourth annual menfis the fourth quarter, that is, guar.
as well as bifextum, then Dodecaeteris Chaldaic or they would have done in the whole wide world.
When, however, it was in the thirteenth to the tenth of the Dodecaeteris of evil is sealed menfis ,.
then cxaétis dccet dodecaeteridibus, solid menfis intercalabatur ,.
And the head.
u.
I
* JDE E 1000 N 500 E A T T E P O R V 1000 1000 51 B 4. 29%.
A former head of the Epoch and again encountering the first month menfis.
such action. There is therefore a period of ten Chaldean Dodecaeteridibus.
Chaldaicis, after years of steady 1 2 o, menfe alone, years lu.
lianis 1 z o absolutes. The Dodecaeteride Chaldean, who first.
fast in public, look book and fecund.
500 E 50 H E E E T E R 5 500 5 M.
AE O R H E B A 5 M.
W Ye t e r e s overcome Chaldaeae earth merely one year.
form, which Chaldean vfos so absurd to believe that. •.
B dissicile possible. In fact, he readily than vice versa.
° making a demonstration that we did, except that now the book 2 1 well.
mouse. For, as all other arguments to omit this, unto them that sold diluuij, who is in reality.
they are drawn by Mofe, none are tricenarij. In addition, an appeal of the year with all time.
takes problem. They called as pp. nay, days a year, that is.
a year, for which it is not by equable tribution menfium signs of appalling civic in writing.
a thing you can do, the number of fill in this form but a period of days ti &. Except for XII.
menfes, more than five epagomenae, which menfem is not completed.
chief a, &, however, the end of the year of the chronicles of the them can not be established. Call.
the aim was to c; fimpliciter,; that is the day of. For this is the name of the whole story.
Conuerfione the way. In this respect, the Grecian Jews became followers of HA.
cbuerunt the flu £% w named solar period, or $ *, xa3 'ήλιον.
in that way. After their way of appeasing the gods made of matter.
fpondit pith, appeased, if uγως%, έ κα3 'flu £ eg6 facrificare.
appropriately. R is μύας% (éx'wiaxóς, κα3 'ήμάe% of S ^ uaxö3. Even us.
the year of the Romans, by Arabs, and we bear in mind that Julian a «;« yj flJ.
The days of the Romans, to be imposed. Laban is a Chaldean x 1 1 1 1 Genefèos ,.
AManeat, he said, puellaapud the custom of the day, or DeMaria. During the day, year round.
The anniversary, the tenth, ten menfes, that is, 3 oh oh day.
telligit. Now what happens in that act of the intercalation the form of a woolen shirt, you.
Ye voice npipn, which means that the anniversary as the Greeks τ; στή.
This is not a vague, but surely, and either £ $ £ uoy by the time indicated.
500 cat. Let accepting xx x 1 1 1 1, when God commands Wymys.
T7 R YR {aw to be celebrated, so that P ^? , In turn, is in Samuelemi.
is said to be, cp: not to pn, τεοπλ ημεgów, or aîiod © ημέgóy. In the year of the e.
quabilis they were not able to protect the ends of the epochs, so that the time of the civil code to il.
Even his order, except ossicio intercalation. Was there no limit.
they were able to save the Chaldean? Chaldæans year has.
won both iifdem intercalation retained. Habucrunt it.
to be broken through a period of great authority, such as it was Salchodai Perfarum, either.
 coin is 98%. . E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G e r r.
Dodecaeteridum Chaldean penny. That fane than truth itself. NAMA.
1 Oh tartar years, defined as human life force Genefeos 3.
This fpatium Hebrews call iyn, that is, the duration of human life :.
Arabians •• j]] Item J GL. Upon this all the time, there was a He.
Brae, so that in the Romans time. His head is great hurdle in the period.
26 Octobris other places indicated.
E s AE 500 100 1000 5 50 O O R A N O.
`N N I doubt that the Greeks vclaliquos at once either.
DO NOT. limit of 3 years 54 days, and each bienniis.
exaetor, that is, as Herodotus speaks, δια τςίτε ἐτεθ 'Luke ,.
Matt & intercalate alternate days. In fact, the gods and of that of the thing Solinus.
in close remembers (though that is wrong with xx for 1 day.
XX 1 1 excuforum CDT), and it reports that Herodotus de intercalatio.
of solid δα τείτε ἐre $ menfis of fate, not of open, but also LEES OF WINE Hero.
tures quafdam more fully in the countries that form again refedisse.
However impofuit Herodotus in a manner of speaking Hierophantarum that in.
menfibus recesses for délie9 isagogis they, and we charged by im.
isagogis not humane menfis tricefimo would be the end of the day, as well as q i & xdd the call.
They did this, and religiofo an upheaval that obviously teaches us Arislote.
les in the economy and whose words have produced interpretations of smoke C.
the first book. Since, then, all the menfes have had τ; σκασα, proptcrca.
Herodotus, she thought, all the menfes τειακονδυμία9u; to be. When again.
intercalabant xXIl day for decades and they ap am $ $ out, but when.
Likewise XXIII intercalabantur for Tiegs said oyd% d) on. Here ns.
flows are τετετῆσις & τὸἀετός. Tricteris was two years ago when xx 1 1 ,.
to the intercalary days, or xxm.