 where the io32 dcduéto, lu.
the least of these in their turn derive from the nearest 62. 15 much as 1, lu.
much as 12 years past expanfi. Now pull Characters years.
84o, 15o, 12. This is the 7, 9, 36o. 4, 1, 7 x o. 3,9, 792, and composer.
TI together made 7; 2, 792. After the root barrier, the character of the Hegira.
4, 7, 2. 2 stands moon tifrum 5, 3, 9o4, had yet to gods.
described before, one day, the heavier material fecutus of Muharram is made. But, if you want to argument.
Rum Arabian Agoíuiíæqù pcrfpicere this potesita. this annoChri.
•. N A. STI 1594 's e p h o 148 1 50 1 1 S C A G E R 1.
£ i September 1594. fyzygiae match neomeniaprima years Indies A.
169o. The effect was to epilogifmo Arabian Friday at 6 Seven.
bris. from the epilogifmoautem fuperioris table, to fiuc the Jews, the one who undertook this.
it should contact the Thursday, September fifth. But first Mu.
HARRIS Indian fell on Thursday 1, Kai. ipfis Julian, needed ci.
one day is more than equal terms with. So sing the effect rivaled period.
tet years indications Arabic: fiquidem both.
fexta to start the same day. Abie O & tis all the ZIO of the 169, but in reality.
remains fourteen years, of which 2 charaeter charaeter united with the first.
mæ Triacontaeteridis compofito give the Tuesday anniIndorum.
propofiti 169o, September 3. However, because the conjunction of the first MUHA.
It is a sabbath of Julian is fallen into the ram, this account is added to the unity. Then efTet B.
neomeniaanni 169o, in September of one day sooner than TIF.
n Jewish. Cauffa is that in years to Arab 169o, so many, ';; omit.
to serve the Chaldeans, concerning the reasons to the Moon, how many the years that are past. DUET joy.
1689 In the past years to be 12, 18 are made of an hour, 828. This is of almost 19.
hours. It is, therefore, almost all of one of the day in periods of Arab sacta Proemptofis.
on this side, from Kai. January in the Julian, from the proposition vfque day. 1 in 2 for 6o years.
That the Arabs have, for just one day, it becomes Agoíuiíioai ;. So, as I studiofio.
the thing Muhammedani, fiuc Muffulmanin also use a epilogifmis on which they were.
You have the Board propofita, so obviously extant MCO calendar.
Perfico: they are the first in the quomenfes the order of the twelve Pofi, but with the.
cpocha. For the first menfis charaeter 4, 1, 86. The remaining eleven C.
By adieétionem 1, 12,79 3. This is one fyzygiæ compofiti equal. Himself.
, secondly, by the order they are twenty years old: expanfi. But first charaeter is 1, 2 ,.
16o. Then the remaining 19 by adding 4, 8, 876, which is highly prized.
And three times a year, continue to grow. Third year high and TI are the order of 3, 8 ,.
2 4o increasing the charaeter twenty years arabic. But.
primianni charaeter of 5, 14, 586. So & menfes and push expanfi ,.
The root of the neck and TI have broken through. The utterly surprised is when.
one historical epoch, flue, as they call it, is the root, the fate of a hill, is done to anyone else-year-old.
& Tioniquantumuis giant. These things, I do not understand, in what sense.
many other things, the things that are in it, calendario.vt or to do anything that makes me wonder all ,.
by means of which they are digested in the Calcndario of the year fempcr mempc 19, ifque D.
numcrus years called \ & J., this cstperiodus LunarisSedanni.
they, whose character is the first, 5, 14, 586, and those who through adieétionem.
twenty years to grow, are also \% \. .quafi well xx.
year, which XIX desirable period of the moon. These things, I was seeking, and of a more inge.
mo ing inucstiganda leave. Calendar it is obtained.
<Ditiffimis charactcribus exaratum, so it does not save peritiffimos permit it.
', `Id e • • • ·
n.
5 * 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 51 B. 2. 149.
!.
A. D.E. N o 50 100 100 4 500 5 1000 AE O R K A A A A 1 M.
IE B r ae o R v 1000, and Moficolarum summa & άλαχεςύς diuifio it.
among those who τωτοέα} δας δευτεςασις observe and cot that.
from them, alicnifunt. Chief d4regówk are known traditions.
Rum. Quj fanétiones teachers of the fequuntur, at their two kinds of.
diffufus extant in Egypt, in the numerofi the people: and they between beam of faith.
the worship of the gods, nor, neither our Faith, diuerfa, but is only a rite to take food.
How many and leetionem annual economy. Some of them are said.
Arabic G <\. J], flue Damascus, Syria. Another g ^^ ®, £ SJ.
Greeks. Also, each of the calls to the Hebrew distinguun.
appropriately. For Damascus ... 'syn ie, Ifraelites or Hebrues dicun.
appropriately. Also of the Gentile, however, E'Aa, Babylonij: La Ptolemee, who is from the ancient times.
Go back to Egypt are traduct and sub Philadelpho English only.
Greek began to read in synagogues, which are iuffu Ptolemœi wore.
turning them a few among them, for to such effect that in Hebrew is going on. that they do not weep.
, frankincense, and believe not, of those who would become a Jew, Philo, the excellent ipfiusmet, and wrote.
the party recognizes nesciffe in Hebrew. The Greek or ἐλλωςαι why dicans.
•, they can not ignore now that he knows them only New Testament.
read normal. Babylonij, however, are the given middle, which is desirable from the rest.
Their landed of them, whom, out of, Hebrew, Chaldee into his own country he brought the Efdra: tametfi ni.
100 hilominus Babylonienfes there is another, but the name of the Jews.
Rum flue Ifraelites prevents that radiation Hebrew leetionem.
They attention. Numbered the Syrians, ve called, that is, from Syria recently.
, after the fall of Jerusalem under Roman emperors was a inÆgy.
ptum fponte or force immigrated. A & blessed Apostles, not once.