
at any time fcquitur. The manuscript contains the code that Chronicle, e.
region of the year of Christ c c exxi, they read what was lacking in the PI.
Dthœana edition Jerome died at 3ethlehem, amNo Norway.
xcviil. The next year c cccxxii set: $ Olu this ammo.
sacta occur and yo. Faramund reigns in France. Already from ConfülariChro.
inico Profperi know that Jerome died Theodofio IX, & Corr.
stantio 111 c o s s. indiótio that there was a third, according to Stephen count.
v.c. And consequently, the year of Christ 42o. Descétio Sunday, then thawed.
sit in 421.quod true. For the year the sun failed xvil May ,.
The fourth cycle, Tuesday. So Faramundus start with.
gruit year Dionyfiano 411, not 419, as above with Sigebcr.
 tum.61 »1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R.
then. That Faramund, it is not Waramundus to be written is done, it is not A.
instructions, and unless I saw a centurion of the Germans, so that learned men should quofdam.
rumors. in these environments is not. How could he have been able to in the W.
F divergence? What will you do M A R A, which is why the name of the Faramundo Compost.
as well as States, please contact the following from Paul, a Lombard. For the French »Gott ,.
Of the Lombards, the Vandals came Dialectus was the same, that is to say Teu.
tónica. The manuscript Codiceadannum c c.cxxxIII again, this.
they are read: the kingdom of Placidia, a rouleau double inflicted on herself to his desire. Hlöd rules in France.
Cia. But in the Chronicle Confulares Profperi: Theodofio x 6 Valenti.
niano c o s s. Placidia Augusta 65 Valentimiamus Ce / AR wonderful successfully.
John dearth tyrants who oppress € $ Victoria recipiumt Kingdom.
Indiétio to 111 V, according to Stephen count. "It is eratannus B.
1 5 4 Christ, not 433, as perperamanni Christiibi putantur.Ergo.
The beginning of the Hlodvvin, whom they call the Chlodion, stands out from the year,.
Only four of the usual 4 2 5. The rules Fara.
The world. Of Christ in the Old Testament, however, there are the code of the state of the Year, as the gods.
XI. For, on the land of the c c c of the year exxxvi, a noteworthy fact that the Vandals in the.
Africa is an overstatement. However, what happened in the year of Christ c c exxvii.
However, there are an error. At last year c c c 51 fubnotata.
are: Bleða Chunna King Attila, brothers hit upon whom the IP / E.
/ Approaches. But this happens indiction 1 1, Theodofio xv111 and white.
no c o s s. Chronicle Confulares as we have learned in the year of Christ.
c c cx 50 1. After fcquitur over 50 years c c c c 1 1,% Woua c.
springs with the East / urgit crash when / eptuaginta mom mimic the states.
Chunna spoiling waste, with many from the far west.
Only reinforcements. Meroveus reigns in France. This contigeruntifidi.
And urged XT, Ardabure & Calepio c o s s. Also indiétione first, Ze.
none & Posthumianus, the year of Christ c c r 1 1 1. Why CX 50 years.
Christ began Meroveus 448 starts, also exists in the Sigebertus.
This decisive aspects of these kings starting points. For the yourfcif.
fper Hlodione & Meroveus government this writing. And so, v t.
I said, its attention should be paid, not for their neighbors, who have fought some insignificant conieâuris to the.
ca investigation based. The Hilderico not be surprised if he noted.
This defines the start of a brief chronicle of the king. Consequently D.
their unknown and the things left for him. From the beginning of Meroveus to start Hlodouei or.
if they are XXXI. But if xx 1 v Hildcrico attribute that cenfeo region.
Moin, the force is only 1 year reign Meroveus. However haecine.
sure. After learning of the ongoing book by Gregory Huns.
(Which Chunni) some quasi brought in advance, then a draw.
'Order credence to the beginnings of the French rounds. So deaduentu Hon.
military vcrba doing so, writes lib. ii.cap. 3, then Sun foul condition.
\ R / 4ss ,.
 .
| 1} | 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 61.
A rushes, so that scared from him or a third party itself. I believe that for as well.
TA * / rapid% essufione € / penalize immocentis, Sec. The fequenti head :.
For AMulta h "Re / t is the time) to Ecclefias attacking mentioned.
vltio usually given to God. The rcliq. It appears from our Profp.
ro received the first year under Imp. Marciani this fubnotat this.
the weather was very dear / erabilis £ eipublic "state appeared when you start one.
quidemfit from / strange people who inhabited province, oh nefarious Asians.
haerefibus, which shall be mationibus missuris, the teaching of Catholic faith throughout the world, the dif momen.
fufa prafùmat. You see when you talk about praefentia. For this saw.
writing. The first year of Mardan, imp. DCFE and the action was not so.
stamps, Gregory Valens seventh and Auicno c o s s.indiétióne 3 ,.
E c c c L. year defeetio what happened on April chapter cycles.
Luna xiv Sun x 1, Thursday. Itaquc year fequenti Gregory says.
In the provinces of Gaul that Attila would have broken in, the eve of the Passover, in the ipfa utterly wrong. It then.
It happened in the year of Christ c c c 50 1, indiétione 1 V, Marciano Ago and.
Adelphiam c o s s. The margin Chronicle Victor Tununenfis Episc.
i Torifmundi noted over the first year Confulatus Marcia.
• dear. He was the son of Theodoric, in the midst of the battle, however, that Catalai Torifmundus.
ncnfi killed. Why idem said Cassiodorus fue Confulares :.
M A R T A N vs. a 1 V and G. A 500 E 50 P H 1 v s. After c o s s.