
smoke, but also temporary proipfàindiótionis known. NamquodLa.
Martin say Indiétionc first, second, third faétumeft that the Greek.
  »V» / a. .
say i $ $ $ atisufirw Age, D & lle%, τετή: Nonergonos, (cdipfc.
          a.
fallitur.Quid? fiinitium Conftantinianobis unknown taméquin.
deducerent.Itaque to ignore that it is not of him we manuad quennalis.
poteft.Neq; less than CRRA, with the defeat of Maxentius, hurled into the year.
31 2. In how many ways cnimhoc refellipoteft? But, de eofur place to sleep. For.
Maxentius anno313 no 3 12 extinctuscft, bladder £ tePanuinius stamps ,.
Indiétionum but poorly from the beginning and cauff repeats from us.
Once diligenterdifcuffumfuit. The sixth libercontinetrefiduum Epo.
Chares, says nobiliorcs quæftionesde Natalidie and Paffione Christmas.
FTI, Seven Daniel, who shortly diatribis explained.
do not poffunt, perfequimur.Neautem, or by the imperfectly formed, autrcfraétarijau.
And the judgment of our early fcriptum præfcribere poffent, paucade.
Eufebijerroribus inantcceffum delibauimus, where, in addition to large.
U & ajazowo roundabout, puerile delusions of Effen confutes.
And we have known, of whom I Chriftianos fuiffe hocvnico argument proves, that the.
doxfilaJeffent and folitarie lived, and monafteriahaberent: quafiBon.
Zios IapanemfiüChriftianoseffe cenfeamus for coenobitæ and are ,.
& PfalmosquofdaminftarmonachorumEuropæorumalternismo.
Dula and their exemplary Canonicales hours. Their RG.
alijxowößoi payment, alijμοyd% Further exceeded. But of such things there, founds the.
fccta fuiffe be prolonged. Aft ά κουορίω, does not, or of them, even the gods: the uses of manure.
• battle.
i.
} 1 21 50 E P R O O M E N A * 1000.
synagogues have been restored to temporaIuftiniani.Sunt enimij likes.
licola voçaîtur. For what its name indicates. We are pushed.
Angel. Thus, vocarivolebant, for the sake of fànétum, & caelcftc, vtipfisvi.
Merit for life inftituto. InperueteriGloffario Latinoarabico Ce.
licola "y3. ideft, Angelus.Praeterea for the u * & £ afiiya) no.
Who were baptifmi auetorem Donatiftis. The leader of the y9catur.
The major, as he and other Jews. This is because at Philo questioning.
Why Effeniilli said angles $ egr & jlaj, both of them for their medication.
prearranged or because they worshiped the eoconiicicndumrelinquit ,.
they do not diétoseffe quasi ~ PSIA, and, as that would quidami lunatic.
Hebrew letter profeffor fed quiaix £% calls, co oftendit.
»Gon two other hoceft, íxæ $ dς, ix%. That Christiani not have been partakers, fed.
merely Effen, ftatiminitiolibrioftcndit Philo.fed and Saturdays fummam.
culture, and so on, which Pbilone He spake recounted fated frivolity.
they condemn Eufebius, & the rest of the old masters, who Eufebius fequuti.
the first volume of the same hariolatifùnt.Sed inAnnalium silently perftringi.
fententia be noftra from Auetore, quitamen fatcor real Effen lu.
daeo fuiffe. Miratifumus, quomodoille putauitinvnumhæcbene.
power company (Fe, Iudaifmum & Chriftianifmum. Vthocprobct, said.
fathers did the same thing and write the old, which is Eufebius. But from Eufebio.
This defumpferunt and civil authorities Philonemnoncon content.
fuluerunt.quemfi legiffent never be so funny fententiarum affen.
fumaccommodaffent.Hæc, however, pueriliafunt. I now puts out.
such Christi, quemvetuftasChriftianifmiadxxviii year, A & TI.
encumber reported, RC & you. For Chriftusiniensannum one from the Tricefimo.
of the age of fuae acceffitad baptifmum, that you all will vetuftiffimiPatres out.
Lucaretulerunt, and after they learned in the Annals fcripta. Baptiza.
frankincense eftanno xvTiberij, duobusGeminis c o s s. Julian 74 years.
Therefore, to him, he entered into the first year of from the 73 of December of the tricefi xxv.
no. 3 Oh derive abfolutos of 73 years, pending Julian year.
43 in which x xv born in December, he will cycle Monday.
xv 1 1 1 1 1 1 twenty years, A & tiacum so much that vetuftiffimi fathers credidc.
serving two years of solid anteepochamhodiernamDionyfianam ,.
folidocum dicbus for several years before exceffus Herod. This instead.
culdubio true protector. But in the annals go wrong abauétore Lyman.
vTiberij.Quem enimputatxv night, it eftxv i & magnoerroreil.
li it attributes to Confuli duosGeminos, quibusConfulibus, and the year xvi.
Tibcrijiniit the XIX Augufti, cycloLunæ and eleven, in Julian.
74. Nifanius it had recently fecutus is baptifmum Christi ,.
Consult the Gemini, anteceffit year xvi Tiberij in.
cuntcm, mcnfibus five. But fcriptum Annals think that two GE.
Im1I1QSP R E C O O 50 10 1 1 10 1000 E N A. ■.
aminos Confülatum geffiffe the cycle of the Moon, xv 1: the curve becomes, indeed, not to the fic.
{Conftat.Nam there is the beginning of the year 7 5 Digest. Of this way.
cembri 74 years Chriftus iniucrit first year of tricefimo: a.
evacuated, and tis 3 O Abfolutus, 44 year remain Julian, where he was born.
Chriftus shall be approximately three menfibus the exceffumHerodis or.
no solid Dionyfianam the epoch in which this Ecclefia semen.
fanci that many store inquc Eufebij their opinion. But.
Chriftus immersed in 74 Julian paffus 7 8. The difference of the year.
solid four, five Pafchate. In the nullumveftigium II.
extat.Quinetiam author of the Annals of litigation, when a number of years.
do not fuccedit according to their wishes, put the blame on Iofephus does not disown, that is a liar and quiet the.
