 Olympiad c CV 1 1 pcriodi Julia year pact.
Oehler 47, 61, the tenth cycle of the moon. 9 8oi then added to that.
diuifa for nineteen rclinquant 13. & proindc Rome cycle Lu.
p. næ year and the year 3961. The old chronology of the period Iulianae.
ppud Clemente: Xai £ 9 **** ^ yuaidg9 ;, £ Paul III * xiai that.
£%) in the Diao riorwpa. So Fasti Capilolini and SOLINUS Cato.
päiiliäfequuntur. But a careful one must be careful, do not annumVrbis currcn.
we take the time for the beginning of. This prudent imponerc.
Can. Namco is said to be, a meal on office Confuli them, Kalen.
Jis Ianuarijillius of the year of the City, there is no doubt it can be, do not flucntis, or by a spectacled finch.
the bus at the next begin before it, is to be understood takes place. Of course, Paul Orofius cæ.
Caefare benefit in the same year the City is 716 x r} v% aego it.
 Rk 2, vocaré588 1 o s e p h 1 1 50 Sc A G E R L
to call a year, who had not yet begun in this manner was. Dionyf in Haa.
licarnassenfem years, which feel Vrbc founded, are from Pall.
Masses of Cato, Varro auótoritas more feétatores had before.
Cato, who, as the Cenforinus, munc diuerfa cities within the county.
Bearing times now defeat them, and at intervals of 5 dinumerams back.
he rescued his is true: men and the light shows, by means of which the number of definitely not of ammo.
rum, now, the Fed 65 days, a plan could. Added to this is in long lengths of Cicero.
message: You (Varro) atatem homeland "You Defcrîption season ,.
IU / Acroria rights, you / àcerdotum, domestic and military consequence.
sole art / sanctuary regions and locations, are all divine and human.
amanarumque of things momima, and various kinds, ossicus, the causes of this aperuifii. Or.
* Ieius the year of the City 500 c Lxxxiii seized by the finch, in which B.
Confulatus fell Vinitij, starting from the outset and stored for twenty years.
two absolute values ​​of the Olympic games too early, that is, in turn.
offal third runner Iphiteo. Cenforinus year, from 38 said.
Io14 been Iphias, 991 of the City, the finch varroniani. Phi.
tarchos and writes in Matt Iphiteo closed after starting from the outset, and that ,.
the first loifd foundation, solca powers. éxeiwlw o tlu »ìuíegy.
W t o Pœuvxg6 rlu) τόλιν ἐκτισω, dτ, εκή τιαλαόα τυχὰ λέγεσι, έ αὐo:.
σον έαλθίύι'ω δν αὐτὸ γὰς G ^ i ^ uoy ήns August, if the trust e Ayiuaxov.
oio%) τόν Tfiiov iroToiöy, IRA rod * ix; OλυμπασΘ 'ουμπετάσdv. D.
the evening of the pretended conjunction of the lights is indeed makes mention of, but there is no DCFE;.
And burn any mention of the book about the ongoing diuinatione: Lucius C.
Tarrutius from Fermo in the first place a family member moster Chaldaic.
Matale is also trained in the City festivities by Palil which.
it was founded by Romulus and took over Xomamque, when I'm under the yoke of £ ßet Lu.
ma, my daughter, to navigation by he said, and that I hesitate to sing of its fates. If Ka.
new moon, in the time of the first of January of the year czpcrunta viii old word for the Roman Co ,.
 January, so it is certain that once here you seized that was Epo.
Cha year old population; vicefimo fexto April Giuliano has been agreed upon.
Priscianni5, when the Moon was in a couple of Pales, the cycle of the moon the ninth month, that.
it was agreed fententiae Tarrutij, the first in the vicefimum Pharmuthi.
& Tiaci birthday of the City giver, who is Matt May, on the second ,.
Moon Sivvan 3 O o8. the charaeter 2.7. 484. But no D.
clipfim next Sunday could cclipfi happens in the sun, that.
38 years after praecifè, fequenti that sold in the same cycle develops. For.
an interval of one cycle, the eclipses of the greater lights are able to refer to things, there is none;.
the interval between two cycles, one menfe more. Col..
Although understand what judgment legend desirable plenissimè written that writes L.
Tarrutius cenfuisse the founding of the Sun in Taurus, Moon in Li.
Bra determined, and if it please the gods Mcrcurio & Vcnerc opposite the sun.
 In seventh.
"O.
;.
•.

:! 2 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 51 3 89.
A signal from the feptimi on Sunday. Pliny the ongoing cap. 1. At XI.
 GraeC03 4/7 hale Atilissus 4fé772 investigated the first Olympiad.
X 50 V 11 1 in the fourth predicfo Sunday defecfa his / from Assyage Rge a.
And the bus is built in the City c LXX. Of course, the fourth year of the Olympics.
push x 50 V 1 1 1 starts a cycle of the moon fexto. Why year if the City 17.
and ran, and He began when he was a year of Olympias, who had, of Pales of the City centefima.
{Eptuagefima occurred in a cycle of 6. The first Palilia thereby.
the cycle of the moon is the eighth year Iphias vicefimo ongoing course. alarm.
Older is calculated to be Varronianus, in Russia. The false.
is false as it may, the lack occurred Sunday in guar.
toilles Olympiad. Once vicefimum climbed 1 1 1 1 or May.
Bnum approximately of the antecedent, whom his lord when Eufebio think that to be, that is.
set forth by Thales. Another is lack of lot 1 1 in Olympia.
PI x 50 x 1. Id. October, which is suitable for a 17 year Vr.
Twice Cato. 3 x 50 V, therefore, the error were noted by Pliny, for the XLIX.
Olympiad. 1 and V 2 for the year. Cato Palilia on anyone.
{The horse, the two contribute to the birthday of Rome in the first year.
COlympiadis 1 v 1, and from what I fententiam build his native ,.
