
Archelai relegation when you eaXaypa4) Chrifto naflente.
he has a clear and Eufebius to shew. We hallucinationcm.
Eufebijloco fue confutauit, where defcriptionem patrimony.
Descriptions of the whole of the Roman world put us to shame with more of Archelaus.
fue the velocity; He remembers those words σωτη δλτγραφπάτη, defignari it.
defcriptionem single fuiffe it when opening a *; Why did mention.
is the same as of the first mention in the Euangclio Euangeliftes.
so it makes mention in the Acts of the other, so that no injury is done to be heard, the teacher Or.
mere fragments fcriptae, who is not alone in this respect are Eufebij Organizations whose concern it.
Iofèphoopponit, but it etiamadiicitdefcriptionem same effect ,.
I was talking about the aethicam immediately beginning the book, and yet ncque.
time nequeres recovery Dcfcription nafcente Chrifto attend.
For defcriptio, which means Aethicus, starts from the carnage.
Cæfar, thirty years defiuitin 1 1 1, tricefimus sunk to fourth from first.
mis on January Julian, ten years abfolutos the truth.
celebrate the birthday of Christ, to the twelve, before the epoch in Chriftihodiernam Dio.
nyfianam. Thing, however, is not the same, imolonge diuerfa the same rigid length; so.
as far removed from Defcriptio, of which aethicam, it speaks to a defcription ,.
that FA & TA Chrifto nafcente, as ten feet, and the boards of the census.
fuales.Nam the defcriptio aethicam message is agrimenfòribus and.
Gcometris, this rationale. That the menfuraga) aauoi and Gnua.
aiTuoi, haccenfus and resources for But neither the records; reeta with.
ready, no doubt, Iofephumhallucinatum, which a little while before the beginning of the war Iewes.
ci voice from the depths of the temple Vocco fcripferit, she would say H 1 N c.
1000 vs. M1 G R E:, we are told, Eufebiusidinpaffionis Dominicaetem.
Thus the report. How Eufebius better fcire could do what proportion.
Christi wear and Jewish war than 1 fEph? or whence he had.
quamexlofepho: Deill say that nonpertinent adhiftoriamcuan.
gelíc. But such a weak argumentumcludituriis, which aduis..
211Cxx 1. . P O R E 50 100 1000 E O N A.
This Eufèbijhallucinationemlibro fexto we Deniqueiniufte.
vbiqueIofephumreprehendit, of all the fcriptae veraciffimum.
& Rcligiofiffimum as to its fcripta speak to you.
auetorem contempfiffet if so, has never ajazgowo U and composed them.
mififfet which all contextustemporum primitomi upset.
cft.Scdantequam vclitatione faceffimus out of this, there is of us, & co.
gnominemnoftrum fcriptorem animaduerfione scientists from the vin.
let us say that we are Aquitaine expoftulamuscum that is no.
Twice three top men adjured, Paulin Phoebade and Sulpi ,.
tiumSeuerum who had been nationality and home Aquitaine, yet.
Pauline & Sulpitium Romænatos fcribit, Phoebad the Hifp.
nia. Who represented him as he taught the effects are not born of Bordeaux drew Paulinus, who, where.
Paulina, the nation of ancient times, is to-day, a certain region of the city of Burdig.
lenfis yard nickname the cli? Phoebadiumautem Agen strikes.
Brig Episcopum and therefore in the Hifpania was born, or say quoauéto.
really? Hieronymus poorly excuforum eftSoebadius who mistake it.
repfit from Sophronius to, where it is read Σαέλ®. But free hand fcripta.
Of St Mary of the Granateria the liquid has a Febadium. At Sul.
pitium Severus for depraved with quoq5 is, where it is read Fegadius, on behalf of.
Febadius that is librarijfcribunt. For the vertical is φοι.
βαλ ©, Phoebadius, known to the skilled fuain Arríanos Epifto fate today.
la, which had twenty annosprimum cdita. Meimunicipes Fiars vol.
can not, the memory of which inftaurant twice every year, at the beginning of the fast.
quadragefimam, and on the day of Marcus Euangeliftæ, menfe April, it fit well.
I remember. Huicfucceffit Gauidiusin epifcopatu.SulpitiumSeuerum.
haetenus of Aquitaine fuiffe hesitate to let no man: but the country is not known ,.
just at the time of the Nitiobriges fefe Himself openly when in fact, with the seruatio.
nemTungrorum, Phoebad, however, fuum Episcopum fuiffe fcri.
bit. It was that of the Nitiobriges Episcopus Phoebadius. Ifte Sulpitius.
Ecclefiaftica puriffimus fcriptum, post tranfitum Martini recent.
he began to Fefe Elufonem, in which the time to give him fcribebat Paulinus. Idop.
pidumeft cumarce veteriin the ends of the of the Nitiobriges, quaamni Dra.
guto Petrocorii divisions. Lau is generally / am.Sedde hocfàtis. My.
Nitiobriges punishment for Sulpitio say how and biturum.
Gesta illumvocant, quemcundcm when they do this perpcram ,.
cumintertranfitum Martin, in whose nofter Sulpicius, a difcipulus was ,.
Sulpitij Epifcopi Bituricenfis Guntchramni under this ordinance.
Of the King, our Advocates with the years of more or less 19 °. It is not wrong to do the same.
and a man to do, if it was a good quarter doétiffimos men Aquitaine.
Chriftianiffimos origins and properties own. However ust.
the manner of the tribe of the men of Aquitania orbauerat you the same those two tribes.
alienisP R E C O O 50 20 1000 E N A. V.
others resort, Reienfi and Vafenfi.Profperum not Russia.
in place of dicitRegicnfium in Aquitaine fuiffe Episcopum, with a good talker.
"I shall Profp Aquitaine fuiffe Epifcopum Reienfium ,.
none cast her young, or Rcgicnfium prouinciaNarboncnfi. Today, Ries vol.
expression. Pretend that it Regij Emilia Epifcopum & fcripferunt ,.
And in front of him divine, poetry apponicurarunt, quasi Re.
