
have typified, and at the end of the year which x x1 supporting the epochs added ,.
concede the point that to be true, and takes a place to have in those nations who were.
Pentaeterica facra was renewed, it is not in those who are the biennial festival so far.
they had, in the days of the year and to these must be; 54 and the other.
Rev. 1, & XXIII intercalabantur days. After the intercalation in.
staurabatur usual biennial. Therefore xx 1 1 day Intercal.
they were an opportunity for some famous landmarks, which called it.
Trietericon. When the X X 1 1 1 day INTERCALARY, would again.
branded the usual time for a more famous examples Elidenfes Olympad Pho B.
cenfe Pythiadum, Athenienfis bigger festival, MA.
broths mysteries. They had their own & minusculis μυγήεμι. So it was done.
Four days together from a c c 54, and x 50 V device intercalary days.
The solar purification 1461. The Egyptians, Greeks and so, too.
notes that of Eudoxus, from Pliny. As it is, many nations of Greece ,.
præfertim Afiaticae, the Department of intercalation vfas, so it is not established, or.
Elidenfes it has ever been vñ been established, either, if it, at any time vfurparint ,.
When the vfum elderly. In fact, their facra always fun.
7t %% ετη? / XC? x v menfis feast day and the full moon.
Was it merely menfis moon. However, there were menfes τςιοικοι%.
.
i.
Marcus
Μεθ9%. And so, fingulis five years, an they entered upon, menfis incipiebatC,.
the Moon, so that we have accurate difputata first book above. Greeks.
they think that the first point of the olympiad, as the son of Iphitus, Praxonides.
established in the period of Julian 39 38. Cenforinus whether he writes.
Christ no ordinary 1 38, which was a period Iulianae 4951, whether he said.
The first was whether the Iphias Olympad Io14. The first Olympiad.
Julian was conducted in the period in 3938, from 1 x v, July XXIII Monday.
3, the moon had charaóterem 3, 3, 9o5, July Ix year.
Jews got 2985. Then, as the new prime menfis Elidenfium ,.
Hyperberetaeus terms with, men of Macedonia who were, they would never promouerctur ci.
tra IX of July, obstacle and the time limit is set to V 1 1 1 July to.
So they called ποτέ from $ cc // ;. The year was 3174. Kev world grams
Zygon walls: 1. 1 6 4 5, Oétobribus first day of the new moon.
IKarcinonos on the first of July. Therefore, the first Olympiad celcbrata xxiii.
IKarcinonos, cyclo xvnI Sunday, Monday, v, z 2 to 7 years Exodus ,.
246 years from the beginning of the reign of Solomon, and consequently 3 6 Azarias Re.
GIS Judah, and Vzzia the diet. This is a time of purification.
Roman, that is aîiod ©. But since the Greeks 7roy% £ I} ;, (inappropriately.
There are also great name Pcntcrim call) because La.
t1I1 DE em E N 500 A r. • 1000 to 1000, L. O R V s. v. 38y.
Atini thought that five years of solids. For Auföniura.
they thought it showed 5 & Ouidius same osséndit when the ;.
Since my birth Pi / ca vinéfus olive green.
Atone million prize winner knight.
* This is the fifty to ten years to determine the Olympics,.
And elsewhere. . . '... - - - a.
I'm $ Ythie have passed the five olympiad AAA.
Already a lustri tran / it in another.
Same mind Aufonij book was first disclosed. But, no.
to be passed over, as he was come defitu it would be, in a theatrical Olympic Games, Lu.
p who is our father Julian, and outdo the Olympas, be said: that no one should be responsible due to fortc.
Nat. Nen: ^. .
• 2 / the years cemtumque twice and flow of movement. ....
Con / Ilisua of heaven / high momen adu.- / Mie laws. . . . * ....
Chance be the same, thirty, / e cumulauerit IfII, 1. .
I spent Proclus sign Olympiad.
, Aufonij Confulatus fell in the year of Christ 379, indiétionc VII ;.
Auetore Stephen comitcm, as demonstrated by other arguments.
Can. The cycle Sunday XXIII 1, and therefore the fourth lustri lu.
Lian: This survey begins radiation from a year bifextili. For.
And the first year of Julian got letters dominicalcs c B. Further.
The steel will demonstrate, first in the great Paschal Confuli and by Brutus.
Consult the tartar lustiniani, by the last four years have been absorbed that.
Rum four years bifextilis the first year of radiation. The gods.
sadness, with the days Juliana. The survey asks Olympiad.
Aufon, the latter kind of truth is not new, but rather that which was a lustrum with Julia.
whether they would acknowledge is called the Olympiad: with the quadriennijvltimus, and the year, in whom, though.
Confulatus Aufonij falls, he becomes the fourth lustral Julian. This one as well.
In some places the writing made to them is established by LEES OF WINE. Constantine the Great.
3 3 7 died in the year on Pentecost, in the fourth Olympiad.
Iphiteae 278, approximately two menfibus before the start of Olympiad.
Iphiteæ Socrates said 279 had died in the ongoing Olympiad 278 ;.
DProculdubio year means plenty lustri Julian. He was enimcy.
clus of x, fecund from bifexto. Theodofius grass, the best & Chris.
stianissimus prince, died in the year 396, the year 3 Olympiad.
193, on January 1 x v 1, Olybrio & Probinus c o s s. But Socrates.
writes died in the year 294. The first is of course the cycle Sunday.
X 1 1 1, and the first census of Julian, which calls Olympia ;.
