
& Media, and coming from the medium. Thus, in the nation of the Tarquins at Rome of Collatinus ,.
Efquilini the nation Hbbminia Auruncans in the nation, running, caelimontanis in.
Verginia nation Sicilian family sobriquet, Manaertini the nation Pinarian, Sabina.
the nation Sicinia, and others named in many of these areas, in which the author.
the affairs, it is not, however, to »were born.
Aeovsxoy aiyuz) calls Medem boasting Assyrians, that only.
gratiaeN O TA 2r.
among them, the study of secret places: a & fa & the Ionians and gathered to the grace of components, such as with no one else fpes.
iuas rep6fitas were bal * ylonij. Thus the sum of Balfafaro his conspiracy, op.
pressure, handing control to the offer by the Babylonians, as is described in Daniel and.
i3erofum. This was Agaveae, auxy as Ifaiam xx, 5, AJ% *.
^ TX aùxrua.
Π233,%% uja t} τας% tολι] or to have more dues to be sacked by Cyrus.
pinasse said that the victory of Cyrus charges after neare unfortunate event.
Himself in the Borfippena the fortress of the fefe they receive it, or something of the kind, which is why his crime was.
Got possession of Babylon, Cyrus the king made. Babylonij that the king fue were deprived of.
Tato had small menfium several provisions in the siege Cyrus resisted do.
nor did Cyrus observing this, the day that he had, or is customary in the worship of a certain work in fine, Eu +.
Phraates, in the place in the diuerfa part of the derived, fecuros, and nothing of the sort timentesop.
tired a man, the king, was within a arcemBorfippenam fefe that which contains them.
£ Eμ you, Rey e; V $ ay βαλάζ] The reform fefe worth man such as Ni.
mia by this grace, by which he was able to, and at last was going to harm is done to posterity Nabuchodonofori.
Something of this sort of understanding my glorious the king; to whom also he did to the issues of the faith. In fact, to him now.
as well as the kingdom of fpirare and tracked. Megasthenes, however, which is why these defumpfit A.
bydene, ignorant of will, him he not recognize him to Medem, who was afterwards dictus Nabonidus is made.
Indeed surprising that this fragment.
IIaeg e% u "htajit] Koahgo, that is, has died, Nabonassari 183 years, so it will not be.
imel we have been told. I do not doubt, but that in this final judgment on these practical wisdom.
was given unto Darius the Mede is escaped of the most powerful, most of the king, as he was come, and the all-powerful with the of Babylon shall.
mos au & toritatem and properties free formidable acted. in which the received him not.
conie disappointed and offer fua. For from Him they Laborofordachus by name, hath Balfafar out.
tin & it is a & fa in his place shall he the king of the fuse from the popular and faétionis & frankincense thereon:.
Tgrg §> & t *% @ ανάτ ßiaja uipo] interfeetor is not Laborofordachus Balfafar.
Nabuchodonofori possession of his daughter fifth year of the administration of his father was not.
riglissaris, menfe nine, since the only occasion fa reason for killing the midst of gymnasts.
Mines Nabonidus, at a banquet. And in that it defies the descendants of the great Nabopol.
weary as gods, and then it is entirely Daniel V, 28, and Jeremiah xxv 1 1, 7. For the matter.
To translate the kingdom from the left after them Nabopollassari, to the Nabonidus as being descended from the Medes, and was by the.
him, came unto the king of the Medes, Cyrus, and Perfarum & acquittances of. Entirely by commas.
28 is nothing else than the ancient kings to external control Tranflator be.
expression. The nabonidus is interrupted fuccessio General future.
cfiodonofori. However, Darius the Mede, and? Cyrus would be made up feptuaginta years.
Babylonij command of the prediction XXV 1 1 7 1 xx x 10. I therefore Darius.
while Cyrus was one of the kings, and many other mad by the ignorance county.
I could invent. For Darius and Cyrus ruled denied Daniel x 1, 1. side.
"The angel of the first year of the killing mean, it was the first year for killing me.
DI and year. However, I thank toys that these exercises STOP. Is up.
the time of Babylon, there to reign with the perfor the whiteness, that is to say, at the beginning of the years of the first.
Babylonian Empire my palace. In fact, it was of Babylon, Darius the Mede, and ponder how.
Media attack originated. .
NA% awyßgy] Legendum NA%% g ot ;. Herodotus & Jerof is pyixx either.
vyi> Na% vrg or aa £ U / vrg. However, this is TToaia * Na £ οήχες together fylS.
Laba ampliys than Jerof and Hcrodoto, which is indeed fyllaba cxtat in.

qiinp2 2 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
min: overthrown. It is nomcn is more sound than Jerof and Herodotus ,.
Map% xázzjg how sound one name Ptolemy, Mero.
dach Ifaiam thirty IX. This can be truncated and many other quantities that a.
children infected. .
 AtoJ \ {xyùaßaoiXía], Daniel ijtm dizáúz9m ssao "&, fuel or created eflTRex.
Nabonassari 19 years it has been, where it was two years old and fexagin.
ta, according to Daniel. Nabonassari born in the year 128, Babylon, father Xer.
Xe Medo, Babel inmates. For it is not Darius the Median took from the Medes Oriuns.
dûs said Daniel, except born elsewhere than in the middle, and the Median him.
the surname of his father, not from the native soil. Were deluded they are, therefore, very much, that is.
CX Mediæpro woman in Medo, and Medûm for the king by the middle powers. Those that.
A rare thing in our own Chronologis she hath hewn out in reality there is nothing puerilius the same. .
Lle, AKS, (£ 6ό 855] fanguinis no legal connection with the Balfafaro. She was.
is born, Babylon, as we have said, your father the son Medus, whom, indeed, himself are, or perhaps, do not.
Medo, fed by rising Media. For ambiguous in Daniel. Therefore, the reality and yourself.
the middle of the thigh by Daniel. And so, if the 8a aeso Hortz}, such as table of the external.
Daniel V, 26, 27, 28. For the commas 26, Balfafari the absolute kingdom ,.
