
kings. Who is it taught? When this Auetore that I must obey? But even.
have been granted the beginnings of the City, but not therefore have mental series is evident.
Dlum: since in many it is not known, the kings of a demand there came wise men from the quotoanno.
iniuerint furnished. Hence it comes, that is, remains Saxorum of the Capitol.
the Romans, in his quest of the quibufdam fuccurrit to me to doubt, from the quibuf.
some also proven to be a mistake. But in the days of the Roman Empire.
Writers rarely take care not to miss. Varro in.
uestigationem year, the City C CX 500 from them have started from Palil places.
Cæfaris murder occurred, in the ongoing Julian, and consequently whether.
nus 500 c exxv, 1 1 was fifteen, Julian, into the which he confers a year of re £ t °.
V GG Dio356 4 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
Air Confulatum 1 1 1 1 C. Cæfaris Oétauiani. However, if it out of the year,
On triumph. Domitij Calvin Thracians and Sacosones listen, no doubt.
ing, or real time reiexpresserit, quodinannum Sarguit C CX 500 V 1 i
Capitol rock movement. However, the Velleio Palerculo will not be silent.
I can. A Confulatu Claudij Voices and Cornclij of Len for.
Confulatum Vinitij QUARTINUS M. and C. Cassij Longino year equal.
But Henry V i think præcife 50 xx 50 x xv 1 1 1, two more ,.
Why is the correct one think of the city, the Confulatum Vinitij.
c x x 1 1 50 500 years ago as the year 500 c 1 1 1 50 x xx impact on the i.
pfum Confulatum Vinitij: How many years has given distance from Con.
fulatu Marcellus of Len and the Confulatum Vinitij necessarily so.
so many the less to define the distance between himself and the city, a B., to Goshen of Con
fulatum Voices & Lentuli. And so, he appointed the same interval of time, or.
norurn 500 c 1 1 1 1 rate, while still desirable to 500 C 1. And from here.
Confulatum QUARTINUS 50 XXVI to Palilia so that the finch eiufdeman.
niincipiat year, 500 c Eighty productive Varronem.Nam diferte Ipfe.
Palil other from the first to the Confulatum Vinitij, think præcife years.
ID c Lxxxii. That verumest, has been rich in Varro, vfquead Pali.
Ha eiufdemanni, Julian Lxxv year. A pair of delusion, when he says, cc.
Cifius Hirtio & Panf c o s s.in their place fusseétos of C. Cæsar.
Domician & C Fedium, in the City 500 c CIX. Whereas, on the matters which concern lu.
pra relatafunt, and the slaughter of the City 500 c oix definen Cæfarisincidit Inanna.
Loser. Palil last year and formed a 500 x c. The fequenti annoc.
1> c CXI, from the first days of summer pact Confulatum Oétauius.
Why not two years, he said. And therefore, defines a further two years.
the time is here to Confulatum Vinitij. For seventy years.
only defines, in the same two years without doubt that this fpatium gives a part.
fpatium other defraudauit. They are found not only that, from the first years of the seventies.
Confulatu C.Oétauiani to the north Confulatus Vinitij. Finally.
Six of Confulatu. Ailij cats and C.Sentij Saturn to Confulatum.
Vinitij, there are plenty Velleium v ​​1 1 xx years, two years more ,.
How true that in fuperioribus in which he haetenus consistency.
In a third error held. However, from the city, the Confuli.
both cats and Saturn, mentions only 50 years and 500 c 1 1 1 1, three D.
less, do not, as he used to, and reigned two years: unless we were to say the wrong I did eat.
Then Liv 500 C, 500 C for 50 v. do not doubt it, as is always the same.
consistency fired two years ago from here to draw down, they added.
You see, when they make errors of these men, and they fall out, which had so many monimen.
ta vctustatis fuppetebant, can we think of our æui doetè of men.
ends could have happened, and we ipfis that all or præfidio.
tiquitatis abandoned smoke? Of course, the time of Marcus Aurelius Aurelij ,.
Many.
(Id e em E N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. V BV 1000 51 352.
A lot on the calendar are undetermined. A few are of the emperors whose.
fuum able to report the first time, vfque beginning Iustiniani.
Adco all of the thick darkness they are full. We took a few. For unfair.
AlexandriSeueri components fell in the year of Christ Dionyfianum. c.
& XXII. Confulatus Vlpij Crinitus, and without Pontiae to C exxx.
viii. under which c o s s. Caefarum both Maximin, which was the starting point.
s Gordian. The beginnings of Diocletian Christian conferuarunt that fall.
In the year of Christ r c Lxxxiiii. But it will not be the start of Bio.
i. cletiani taken, they fled the place where it will be shown. Stilika fertile confulatus.
c c c 6. Tranfitus Martin Turonenfis in exev c.
And yet, there is with any of these times has been the epocharum the gift.
3 B Chronologos noßri, falter you see. She is in.
`Teruallorum with the rest of what we are observing carefully ,.
"The chronology can hand along with the rest of the sack. And so.
he can not do all things, not pay attention to, however, in not a few lufers. For.
Faith intervals if in doubt as to the entire context of confuletur ?.
As far as sin is not done, the old in the history of the kings of France ,.
Martini tranfitus ignorance, which is why feriem years to become accustomed.
Cregorius Turonenfis? How noble epochs are ignored? Who knows.
but the year where Attila fields Catalaunian ÆTIUS & Theo.
Fufu is a Doric Goth, where he Thcodoricus Ipfe Caefarum happens? How.
was his inexperience, too, the plains, near the Tolofae constitute them? The bottom:.
