
vndecimum mcnfem month's calls and Tcbeth ninth, iii.
Ijar by surprise. For if it is not so, let them win the reasons and ego-ma.
give less. Otherwise, I do not see, why do you these things, does not take place, the best plan. Ah.
This is the unmatched grow dark house Hafmonæorum we think it.
IudæiD from E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V BV 1000 50 1 43 ;.
And interpret all the chief persons of the Jews sixty Ewipyn 1 1 1 Pfalms. Master.
Kimhi, & some resemble him antiquiore, that Mattithiah, one of fummus The high priest ,.
they say, the forefather of so, called to be the case. And yet this was a-pea.
Mattithiah, he, there neither was the fummusfàcerdos, but facerdos from among the people ;.
From the journals Joarib and mountainous Modim. In the same abuf nominc.
Macabæorum. For Judas son of Mattathias name alone.
the Macabæus. They call it the seven young men But also of the Gentile Macabæos ;.
excruciatifunt torments, and those of Antiochus, who, in whose name is found in Jn.
fEph golden book title εἰς τ av $% & Maxa. But one should allow.
them, those who are called, when one only, as I have said, to make out of the nation of Judah.
dowrie the pea? Abuf the same thing again in the third book.
BMacabæorum that belongs to all Jews ἐλλωςάς and Aegyptiens.
pes, but not to the house of Hafmunaeorum. Therefore it appears Raj%.
τάς ύπᾶς τίς jpnaweia3} ^ $ Xog, and the so called Macabæos Hcllcnistis ;.
the first Christians. .
ID E E P O R T Y 100 H A 1 O R 5 M.
4, Curtius book about the capture of Tire by Alexander, then AMultà.
cafibus resting and having risen by 65 remata, mumc still long.
Peace cumêta refouente / ub manfùetudinis and guardianship.
guießtt. The colonists by the Romans in the cam dcduétos hints at: that perfpi.
100 cue points for damages from cenfe: $ ing is that I / Aam things.
the highest Italian law, as in the yria Phænicia fplendidißma Tyriorum co.
Ionia, from where it is to me the source of, a nobleman in the regions, of the said feast and a torch, the anti.
quissima, the fierce duties of the covenant, and enter whatever the Romans, and smote them, tenaciß.
MA. JHuic for Paule fortified and 5 Our commander due to excellent.
Republic to the Roman Empire inßgnem faith Italic.
he gave. A colon derive the age of the care they took Tyrij, eaquc.
The epoch of Fastos disciples, There and let them all in act, who are legitimate to sign, in no other way.
and most of them affording that the other colonies, Interamna, as from the beak above we have shown that, Nca.
Pole, Ravenna, and others, of Lyons, and we have proved. Loser.
pus is, therefore, derive the colony, and, therefore, of the Tyrians, æræ may be gathered.
500-related Council Chalcedoncnfis, 1 x action, in which it was written.
Room: 1 AE 500 E N E S S E P E A S C O P E B 1 51 50 Lvs Q E RV.
50 vs. O's: After Comfùlatum Flauij Zemon and 5 Posthumianus process.
With random men / hair, / ub on the fifth day and Martin.
But, in most shining metropolis with Colon Tire / Ilaria, ammo quingemt%.
mo feptuagefimo fourth menfis' Peritij o'clock, rich in Rome.
7105 444f677; February fifth to € $ vigefimo, indiéfiome first. The Cow.
Props & indiétio report that year was the year of Christ 448. PC.
     100 O 3 riod.
/ 438 o s e p h 1 1 1 50 Sc A G E R 1.
Am.
Rio iuliani year 5161. Accordingly, the first Earle Tyriorum confurA.
Git is the year 4588, the cycle of the moon ix Sunday xx 1 1 1 1. In Eufe.
the lines of the first Olympiad 2 64, Christ Dionyfianus 277 ,.
Iulian 499o period, compared with the year Tyriorum c c c c 1 1.
Tire confurgeret serse the first year from the year 4589 period.
Julian, he says that the air and, therefore, it would be for three years, in more ancient, than forth from there.
The Council Chalcedonenfis. All Tyriorum sue again if menfes.
Thee / zxo% ημεσ9 with Epagomenis appendages of the year, when.
In February twenty years bifextili agreement with the tenth Peritij for.
culdubio end in the fall Epagomenon 17 March: New Moon.
Now Dystrus xx 1 to March 1. Accordingly, the same was the year of the Tyrians.
rit with the Damascene, of whom it is treated in place of fuo in the book of the 4. But B.
The monk is the new moon: Peritij Tyrij who are part of those closest enters from P. XIII.
Of February, in not from the xv 1, so that the ratio has been rich in fynodum demands. However.
menfium their origins in the High Tyriorum are perturbed ,.
nor for himself stand in force. And furthermore, there are only four menfes XXXI.
the chronicles of the life in him, We grant, Artemifia, daef, Bread of Life: the rest.
that the seven tricenarij. Solaris has been the only way to do this year.
rum; 64. Why all the way and in menfium moons, and in numbers.
ro of days there, there is error. And of these the menfibus seems to be fully in diameter.
tribe cut off from the death of the Emperor Valentinian the younger, and. In fact, they have a I do not know the meaning of these.
fimile. Dissicile conjecture, but it may happen.
P is Ka IM ON A 50 N 500 E 1 S 1 A 5 N ARI.
 . An I. V 1 50 1.
NNvs iphias ioi4, he says, Cenforinus, there was a 28; their ,.
Julian, who are called, from the first of January, which is why the year, a fe.
Cæfar constitute the beginning. But the year have the same iphias.
Io14 was so ipfemet writes, 986 Nabonassari. Accordingly, Kalen.
dæ Iulian occurred in January in the year Nabonassari running.
3. Blow Thoth Septempbris 4 O 7, on the force. Therefore Kalen.
dæ January coincides with the last Choiac Wednesday fexta. Therefore.
Nabonassari from noon to the afternoon of the first day of June D.
sharing of the year are gyptiaco 7 O 2, Day 1 Zo. Sunday cycle of the moon.
The Sunday version 1 x v c B. The cycle of the moon.