
VII Olympiad next start ancestor. Otherwise fentiunt, Ali.
Three times they say. At least Dionyfius Halicarnassenfis fuauissimus together, and.
most diligent student's obedience by the things which he infers, that there is nothing other than the docet ,.
& Cato, Varro, and only one year, the difference between the difference between the cvm.
However, the founding eg% & * & %% aegóra Aoum, O VII.
Ae ^ ®, fly vixa súòov Aaj & J; Maoyfii% ^ d'gXoy% A% at £ Xayorë%.
} Ααετίας τςά%). Just as there are two inbred pen.
tentiæ from Troy to grab the latter, which 4o7 years and another that age 4o 6.
including the interval before the first Olympiad that they do, so there are two souls.
 well of the foundation, the second to the third year that al.
tera, which is in the fourth year of 1 V Olympiad this time with one another.
 equal. Those who would like the capture of Troy, the semen from the recent years, ought not the first to remind us ;.
vtram fententiis ample & twines, Eratostheneam or the other. He.
spectacled finch of the City from the principles of historical periods, however, he thinks, he may say, vtra sequi.
Dtur, Varroniana or Cato. In the City 8oo »Claudius Au.
usso Caefare, L. Vitellio c o s s. Games are held worldly or.
47 yo Christ, from the finch entered oétagefimus birthday of Rome.
Varronianus. Assuredly, the year of Christ 248, and Philip Augustus, scniorc.
use and Philippe Auguste junior 1 1 c o s s. (Cassiodorus AR.
miliano Aquilino & c o s s. notorious write an extraordinary nonsense) ce.
| lebrate is the year of the City, Varronianus millefimus released, and the PA.
iilibus eiufdem year birthday of Rome began one and millcfimus. and Fane.
 - K K 3 1ntCT.
.
\ 39 o s e p h • 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R 1.
interualfum NCAA worldly August Claudij And Philip A.
Augg. there are 2 oi præcifi year. For Oétagefimum birthday celebration.
Claudio brandished when it should have after the first year fequenti O & stage.
offal agreements. Although, in ancient times, then, the truth of worldly games were out of the.
in order that the return of the eleventh year centefimo incentive tamencen.
tcnarium the most remote of Rome's birthday A. CVL vM City. I did it.
only, but all of a hundred-year-old. CLAUDIANUS bustling here.
census at Rome, Honorius, being the Lord speaking to, at the end of the year, which antecessitCon.
(Ulatum V 1 to its Honorij, it sings, it flauefçentia hundred.
J / eßibus 4fiiuae detomdemt bedraped hooks ,.
Speéfato / multi celebrantia that once the games.
With around and grabs were treated sing / ul.
That was the year of Christ 's 4o4, to the end that flows away; when it is the guitar.
Goddess, whose birth was accompanied by the spectacled finch eiufdcm of the year 1157 iniuerat 4o4. This.
There is centefimus year, no tartar across the hundreds.
Julian years. However, she is said to have gone a hundred years, since by in.
In vrbe fua unto Cæsar the care of only three times that he saw. Ipfos or the rest of the time.
Defedisse at Constantinople, or to have been in the wars with the externals of the preoccupation of men.
Since, however, the year of the Games, too, who, with an hundred celebrabrantur from the Confuli ,.
{Kept it from all nouoConfule to what is being ύπατείας.
d`oujau, profpera at lower Chronicle said Confulatum.
eat) them no more vifurus because only one alive.
usually, he says, no more games to be seen. Finally, there fæ C.
cespitose games cclcbratos was the year 4o4, Fed tartar.
praeteriisse, from the time of Augustus, from the Vrbc in remote regions. The requisite simple: a.
, however, a friend of ours, we can not, nor can these be the end of honor, to name a ,.
Nor should Onufrius Panuinius think that worldly or games.
made a Confuli height were fenced in; whereas, no, nor a centurion of the cause of fubsit.
tenarij birthday of the Roman immorality, nor of the faeculi of the Roman. In fact, at the back of the game to restore the preserved.
that home, funtij, of Philip Augustus, whom they have published: that, as I silent, the fa.
tis is confirmed by Aurelius Victor, Andreas Schott. But because Nome.
suggests, although, after the mostra own day, are a thousand centeßmus, Con / île Philip.
PO exceeded Mullis, use / stink solemn maintained. Even in the days since.
ROME CITY small role. Complains that the centennial of the City or D.
nus this service does not take place, & who are cast down to the confulatum of Philip, going to jump.
Fuperstitiofior zofia But it is not that Philip, and Sal c o s s.
After the school year but were not desirable worldly savagely expo.
stulat, that the distance from worldly Augustus Severus, which will coincide with FAE.
backside times. So far, any of the school afterward worldly committed.
desirable that they wanted doctissimus Onufrius. However, no mention Sæculi warned.
mc the place to which He leads Ccnforino feptimo from the Annals of Lucius Calpurnius.
 PifonisD from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V Li b. v., 391.
APifonis Thrifty. Rome built in a roofed / stings occipit heis county.
Filib, which are next on the First confales M. Aimilius A /. P. Lepidus c.
Such was absent. For the 'tartar of wine here he understood, and written records, Ca.
pitoline these c o s s. In the year 500 x c v fix the year.
Catoniamis, then roofed it will Varronianus. But the anti pifo.
Immediately Varronc. Therefore, is not the author of that fententiae, which pri.
MA Palilia contributes to z 3 year Iphis. This sticks.
1 1000 500 e p r o t HO N A T I O N A B ss A Bi.
500: equable in Egypt fate we said earlier in fu6.
3 in his book and in 1 1 1 1, when the DC Gelalaeo difputaremus year.
Its printed-year-old, because of the convenience of the all the rest.
