Both class distinction íßegioy% ^^ u $ s appeal. These.
The Jews are of red wine, the hatred of the capital, nor exercise any and prosecuted for fe, co.
One question to be settled is calculated year, even though the lesson price.
immanequantum the bus communication. It belongs to the genus of the Hebrews, who are.
Auerfàntur masters are known to be some of the law only ampleétuntur ,.
namely, the Samaritans, and others Besides the rest of the Bible, she was.
~ ºpp, that is, the name of the leetio are said to be in one, or the text of the Lord: therefore have exillis.
= P are said to another, that is LC & tionarij, Scripturarij, Textuarij, Vt.
the other who was with no less reverence for the writings of the Rabbis, quamLegem.
ipfas fequuti, diets are = YY, Rabbinistae teacher. Arab.
ce from each other so called ey}; JJJ) and G93: 39} However paucifunt.
IKarraim, in proportion to Rabbanijm, who were throughout the whole of Europe, diffufus.
equal. Those people, the Jews, although they are of red wine, however, the implacable hatred among the.
J Exercc, nor from one another to express the other and faltem alloquan.
 N 3, and may 5o * 1. '1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 G E R 1' Z.
'';.
appropriately. Then there are the remains of the old istiKarraim Saddukæorum. Because A.
be no separation comes between, then, for both for trade with us, have nothing in common ha.
Rents, apart from text, Karrar are not new fruit with Jews.
see, the moons diuerfa Jews have had.
The Jews coupling lights, they Xao * 4dvéò, the new moon pillows.
Quareeorum neomeniæpuræ suppose Arabic ing menfiumnomini.
tantumcum Jews assembling the bus. He, therefore, they were Arabic neome.
Penychen holds, it tenet Karrar and moons, and the small moons.
Muharram, menfem Easter Karrar with a full moon monkDemophilus.
fiana confront one another. Why would teach them, this effet äetur deal with it.
Of these Karrar synagogue to this day in Constantinople..
Many others are in Palestine. • '.
De cycle TESSARESKAE DECATITARVM.
 E t t e 5 5 1 S S T O R 5 1 1000 1000 A S 1 and AE.
100 H R 1 R N A T 1 5 1000.
B.
1; Ecclefias as well as the beginnings of the apostles, as well as to part them, a hundred years,.
fequuti are then Easter is always celebrated the language that testan.
be Eufebius and Ecclefiastica an old story, and after all nice.
phorus Calixto. However, two Lending under the Jewish Passover celebration.
They did this, they are condemned to a hærefeos Vietore the bishop and others ,.
whom He Himself in the fynodum conuocauerat. And the difference of men.
lebratione twofold. Either you will experience the nature of the moon, or in the funeral rite. Ru C.
Moon also spent double the difference. Either the moon ,.
vfurpatæ three moons are far from flawless as in the year.
Greece difputauimus; either in the cmbolifmo. For either of the new moon.
'3' auod Oy, like ancient Athens or R3 '£% ovycza uόν quality.
the ancient Chaldean% or 10% ημα μ! woeidô are regarded as equal.
Arab. Embolifmi differ according to the nature of the head cycles: when he eats.
cycliannus the care of ordiuntur.vt of the Jews was, indeed, the first cycle of the alijaliunde.
In our mouse is tifrum third and fourth in the Nifanius. This means Christmas.
at some time find its way into the Jewish Paschal Ijar Stian menfis, that.
In that cycle 8 and 19. The Rite of τεαχapsoxad axatię delayed.
can sometimes erred only by the rite of the Europæorum: that the Lord's D. Europæi
R & ¥ $ doiuoy ala day of celebration cenferent, τεοπιρεςχαιδ \ xaii.
τω the 7ra% α ςωgßaiuoy x 1 1 1 1 Luna manner: Sometimes.
Full moon cycle 8, 19, as described above. But who is there, either.
cuiufmodi the cycle is raorapcoxoud Exari?), even me ta.
erty know that Eufebius and auetorem Ecclefiastica the history of the law.
surprised. "For those in this matter than all the simulated and through.
many of the exillis from the Iudaifmo ​​to the Christianifmum tranfiffent, it is not a trap.
Itlm above ,.
C.
/ ^.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 2. i i.
£}.
A liqueur is merumIudaicum fuiffe their development cycle and the phase Alc.
xandrca Jews claimed usual. Further erroneous writes Temp.
genius, τςαταφέσιαβεκατί%; be accustomed to glory, it was discovered to have it from.
A tie and Pilate, Christ grown fuiffe VIII Kalend.Aprilis. the OPI.
nionis the bishop. But those who do might not he? When the new Nifanius.
1 incident on March 2, when z 5 Martijest 14. Nifanius. But the lasting ill.
1ohoc could not happen unless Cycle 1; And this for a year hagarena ,.
in years 19, 38, 57, period. But at the Jewish moon Russia.
they were rather slow, say, for the sake of aegoíuiíæov. Therefore, man could not acciderc.
But if Christ cycle 13 paffus effect only two years prædicaf ,.
pet, that is absurd, although it is believed that many fathers, Sec.
E writing. Eiufmodi more writings of trained PA.
trcm and other veteres, Praefertim Eufebius, which fanci with Delco.
U are legend. .
O e e T E R T A 500 100 1 500 K.
E T.
S A T E R E S E A T E R 1 500 500 e c e p a s c h A 50 1.
O R R E S celebrationc for Easter, also diffenfiones made of.
This was the Fountain in the Ecclesiæ the retina they are, not from the sun 's day is the fourteenth.
end branches are fed by diuerfis cycles of the moon. For the ,.
£ 100, which Oétaeteridem vfurparent of fyzygiis Philolai, which were vu.
detricenum dierumcum femiffe. , and the year, however, the moon, of some of them, the State established.
