
Blog rights. ICret. XLV 1, 2, 1, 1 Chron. Isa 1, 6. This has happened in the year.
Nabopollaflari XT 1 1 1, Thoth Nabonassari 14 from whence it stands first year.
mouse Nabuchodonofori by the Syrian military. Jeremiah xxv 1. Daniel 1: 1.
Hæcomnianórepugnant Jerof history, fimodica interpretation of physic.
Συς azς τω'τά% NA% 9% yoaipa] The two principal fetch an enterprise ,.
Neco army Aegyptij making an inroad into the end of Babylon and out.
J & tion of Tire, under King Ithobal that from cenfualibus Phoenecians market.
Συμμίζας δ Na®% y6areos ttJ "> ανςτέτη] and the means of attack.
Nabuchodonoforo with King Neco committed to Carchamis productive.
Euphrates. Satrapen it calls Egypt: Egyptian King impofi.
$ e, frankincense and Nabopollaßaro, from which later failed. But on this subject by Herodotus of the end.
advises, hil, that all priests Aegyptij idnon indicarint. .
ττὸ τίω άτὰ βασιλείω] Viuo father Nabopollaßaro countries Na.
buchodonoforo attributes to man, to wit, that the Son was sent by the Father for the king of Syria.
declared by him, and in focietatemregniassumptus. Hincnon only the Jews, Fed.
& Jerof assign his or forty years ago 1 1 1. When he was thirty.
to families alone, thirteen and his father and the rest of the reign of. But the Babylon of that year.
hold the existence of from the death of his father, he is not from his expedition to Syria. 1, Daniel 1: 1, and Io.
poorly drawn off from the deduction. .
Ytu t'a)) t £ Jao 'Georg. Syncell.
ß £ freed αοιλάχλτι άoci $ ,. I & J Re and will not, as in x Origins of Jews.
Rum, άσοι ἐ. and this error is not only acknowledged by the Russin Auetore futilissi.
Mo, but also by Eufebio. However, a pro trespasses easy to create. But if and Yaa.
would not have been written, yet, out of ezekiel be paid not obscurity how it could have been. Said.
I offered to meet Vifione tricefimo year. one year tricefimus into.
can not be attained unless the king of Babylon. So when the ruling Nabuchodonofo.
m. And in like manner the child's father, not as a stranger. , We already know all of this to be a fragment of the na.
boPollassarum. Matt was a year to its Nabuchodonofori or due to Jehoiakim.
bonds guess. Nabuchodonofori is the thirteenth year of the tricefimus.
Nabopollafîàri, that is, 152 Nabonassari, and from it to Ptolemee. And therefore, when atti.
geritin Tricefimo the empire of the year, it is not needed at least eiga á, but eigo crea legen.
While that diferte written and sold in the previous book. IN accordance with the ezekiel no one.
/ PegotioN £ o t. i i.
matter, the following could be no blemish to be removed. He says that Nabopolaßarum years.
twenty nine shillings command; & Confequenter anho tricefimo command.
to have died, which in the time of Ezekiel, vifie ostenfor, from the General Tire & a little while after.
chodonoforo capturing the thirteenth year after being attacked grow dark. "
is waging war with the king of the Tyrians, Ithobal with the Chaldeans. So what fate.
on behalf of the grandeur of the fragment vtilitates can recommend? How stream.
nue this Chronologorum refuting errors! Or a wild beast with the Tscriptura.
eggs! • *.
A'iah %% £ J 8 net 'tολ%) τω ά τάττάς τελάτω] received now on.
Nabopollassari death of his father, when they were in Him, so that expugnaretTyrum, & RegemTyä.
riorumIthobalum, quiinChaldæos renewed hostilities, they were compelled to surrender, or.
no Nabonassari 152. at the end of the course, after a few menfibus of Ezekiel by force.
fionen. .
Ka oi% r. 3 'TT.) From £ vfior aegyuar. ] NechaoRege defeat on the mainland.
a city with the siege of Tire, the bestower girded them with, or the difficulty I at length, in the thirteenth year of the spring.
held captured Au & buyers Cenfualibus Phoenician king Jehoiakim in.
bonds; 1, 1 Chron. Isa 1, 6. Egypt inuafit, Jeremiah 1 x 50 V, 13.
of this expedition, he that had been the one that emerges from the two causes of the chief spoils. But the odes.
tùs into the cesspool of none of these things makes mention of. .
Ka) Tot; and the ajyuzx; I & F & Major $ oiyfway, J Phoenicum of prisoners and the reality.
This happens in Nabonaflari 15. Of the Jews is not so this year.
148 previously carried out would grab Coni'ah. But what distinguished seasons.
they were, Himself, into one of the auerfione the time of vapor. .
 Ka} +% * »A $ 3 ta} vfoy] The booty prisoners were driven out of Egypt ,.
as is noted perfpicue classified prediction of 1 x 50 V, 26, who are ignorant of Herodotus.
And sware, Aegyptij to him, the priests, because, as I inquired of the things that I have, in the Egyptian.
refpondebant that were put therein, to the praise of the people were doing, to that extent, they teach us of the heavenly.
TERA toward cowardice; feruitutem and taxes, which Chaldeass pen.
Nevertheless silent. But from our Jerof and Jeremy agreed, those kings.
The Egyptians ruled precariously, and the Babylonians and Tigale've been. However things.
Jeremiah declares that wild boars happen Div. x 50 1 1 1 1, 3o, it completely fidglitcr nar.
Herodotus, rat, and clearly inspired by the words when they reside. .
T) ** because their] administered by the war and prefer it conducts, in which artisans :.
Aοικερενα ύπ3 xaX ^ ajov.] People do not understand it, but wisely, and Phi.
lofophos to. 1, Daniel 1, 1.E and other ipy's, other Bopotarta, Sec.
gods and conducts warned Strabo, a place clearly. Other limits would άρχοι. Sec.
Boport7zìoi. for example Naζαρωoi »Naζαραῖοι. άρχαῖοι then, fine ôpyyoi d in Tns ;.
assuredly. Genef. x, 1o. However, it was Chaldeass TNN, from where it's> N. EPX <joi ,.
