
In the sabbatical year. Nor do I doubt, not keep things from it has a. & Fortassepu.
cant a Nabonassaro by the year of 1584, is 2; 31 and one.
DCM feptcnarius. But this inccrta. .
E 500 E 1 50 1 1 10 1 500 1 c G.
A τ o s e s o 1000 years mythici time writers contest.
Wanted to determine the age of what is recorded as desirable.
ximi that writes Cenforinus. But why are we them and guide them away from Himself Ina.
the kingdom of chi, the first Olympiad, nonautem from the capture of Troy, vt re °.
he slew all, cause I do not understand. It can be said that various trials.
the suit is aired. Every fententiarum into force.
ambitiofum it. Errors of another person or triumph, Fed.
as much as can be done, exterminated. So it is Tetraeteridis Greek.
The convenience of the passe, that the day of the menfis it may be known what is done Prytania, a convenient manner.
company are gathered together and the quotient is done, and the year Tetraeteridis. Against the given time and menfis.
the town-hall, he is found, and the quotient is done, and the year Tetraeteridis. As in the.
creto Athenienfis in favor of Zeno And 'Ajaide dgyoy%, enter ".
Aκαμωτίσ & ríuíhs aegv% veia ;, Mauuaxme / && daxoTW% Agg, qeirw%.
eixo5§ § tigjus @ άσς. As vicefimum menfis Maemaéterionis popularity becomes.
vicefimum third hall, this does not happen, except in private D.
mo Tetracteridis. Then there was Matt Pyanepfionis nouilunia.
So, Maemaéterionis xx x 11 x 1 hall. Why boldly pof.
The smoke say that it had voted in the first Tetraete.
ridis atticae. But if he Tetraeteris quota period Atticæ know.
mouse and day, but unable to give Julian calendar. Therefore.
We see what happens to the profit of the year attics and Olympick notation.
In rcbus times to Greece. Why is ignorance of the forms of that did not fe.
   lum.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 37Z.
Alam to this LEES OF WINE, & the thing, but the ancient times, noccbat. The AO.
:.
 & Trip.
the first new moon of the year we know the book Greeks popularity peruagari McN.
Julian is in the form of complete protection. Of Hecatombaeon, for example, that some.
When I fell on July 10, when the V 1 August. So true ;.
They fail when even the new moon Hecatombaeon rise in the first year.
periods of the attic, it would not arise in the same at the new moon, when the Heca.
tombaeon force will be in August. Proptereà Parapegmata by craftsmen.
propofita were, lest he always the same on the new moon of the common people in the same trust in themselves.
give rise either to kill one of them thought that the ncgligebat, however, of the common people, so that you might.
a certain man in command at Polybius and, when he came to the rising of the,, or 6ccafum Pleia.
as long as (I do not remember whether it was) condixisset, does not come to the foundation.
ëtum; Falfas of course defültorio menfium situ, whom they have not Be of good heart.
hardened. Two of the grab Troy, generally speaking, are fententiae. He.
certain of many things there are years beak above the space of four hundred before the first Olym.
Olympas below. Alijpræter, four, eight, feptem, sex and without.
which is only to be the case. I meant only to be considered the reason of these things, and who does.
shall give of them, even between them; who Attica, scripferünt: one con.
menfe and guides in the menfis. For all of them, y "i ^% ^ άγὰ.
49iyoy% say that this has happened. In recent years Tetraeteridis variant. Vul.
the taste is accustomed to be divided: in the nouilunia menfem Of the Moon, feptimum Lu.
For the full and feptimi a fine, which diuifione quarter.
tes of the Moon, they call: the first call in another way, feptimami, qüintamdeci.
100 form, vicefimum neighbors. Greeks φε} {δεμον, δχόμων, τωσάλlwoy ,.
àzúg'ww% leg. These are in orbit mcnfis diuifione time.
fima third, fine DYA \ 6f, 43iyoy © 26%) ^^ ιόθ. First an quippc.
no Tetracteridos, vicefimum third Thargelion the first Lu.
na, in the ongoing year is the feptimi in tcrtio the past, the guar.
vicefimum to the grain. Vicefimum again in the third Thargelion.
the year of the first moon vefpcre killed instantly. In the ongoing c ;.
noétc cut down the middle. In the third year of the entire time and no light. Ini.
it rises from the middle of the day and no you. He then 4o8 years before the first.
Olympia captured Troy would, by necessity Tctraete third year.
āridor this would have happened. In fact, 4o8 of the year back, be reckoned worthy definunc.
ι.
Dinx LIX year pcriodi Olympic fiquidcm mold rctro fern.
it has gained through the period. He was then definen x 1 year period.
Atticæ. There are always implement the 38 year period of the sky.
ca, to have a period of Attica, on the contrary, be added. It is not out of the.
mm reports both cases the test. They grow so that it comes off. And.
{Fine quofdam the same fenfisse older writes Clemens Xai burn ;.
• $ @ afixa OV) {eyJoi√, $ YD) O * * 43ioy (€) ayy xi &&) ßaaiX @ * & Dy.
Τελ% and ν (αῦ ἐῶς Møçôïò ;, z o v and w%; σιλλης. He lay 4o7 years.
* H 3 from ca..
 j 78; 1 1 o s e p h e r i s c a 50 1.
from the capture of Ilium, the first Olympiad, these are not at all cenfeo was taken by A.
The moon vicefimum grain. For auetor out μιΧeg, 1 ^ udd mouth and writes :.
Nυάμ $ μ άιω μεταζα, λαμπα DL tured \ ς σελαία. From this verficulo.
Clement is trying to confirm these fententiam, who are willing to plenilu.
mo τω έλωσιν ίλίε lot. But the pace of learning's ,.
άπτάλ € υ does not shine means that yourfcif think something else, but to rise.
And begin to appear. The idiotifmo Hifpanica clegantissime said.
E4 £ Omar. English document. Euripides Hecuba.