 That is.
itself. After that recklessness is the beginning of things ,.
diuerfa the ancient Hebrews from the beginning? menfis first in his history.
luuij relation begins in the autumn and at the Tekupha the years of the chronicles of the estinautumno, Lc.
$ Tionarium oldest confuetudine starts from the autumn. Quared.
I have contrived to us, then, our likes, and another beginning to be established.
cine described the mouse and vfum years old? So the world.
In æquinoétio the beginning of autumn. Additionally old.
£ fententia Egyptians, she decided to start with the last part of the world.
the bus Libra. The second part of the book, and how to get DC.
If we say, a little after, will be explained. It is not necessarily one claims credit Aegy.
Ptiorum to support a firm word diuiniveritatem.Satisenimper within himself.
 •, • ''. MA man..
· · ·.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV; 69.
* Love it. But ostcndit this extraordinary precaution, the chief ,.
! when the matter of such importance, too, who is in better than heathen confenfus the temple profane the reasons for this.
To balance it. Since the creation of the arguments Mofis ,.
. Exodus throughout the years to collect 2 453 præcife as annusExodi becomes z454.
* Entering and indeed really menfe feptimo 5 years old. The primary.
menfis that's still falling around 2 years from 453 starts in the autumn should.
* C. Deprehcnfa Exodus in the epoch year period Julian leuisla.
V bar will be created in the world in the period Juliana year terms. Develops.
T then inanner periodiIulianae through 3, Exodus 17, as fue point out.
* Appropriately. Therefore, first, the years of the chronicles of the menfis with his good; than Ethan the call NOW.
E rout began a year 3 2 16. But because it was so said the annual 245; Why do.
: Brent Adam, obviously that Julian was the first periods of the year 764.
', Of the world, from which putauimusprimam month Zygon, twenty eight.
bris. So I make a year end in the first days of old.
In October, Matt O: Tekupha Therefore XXV, when the Exodus XXXIV. 2 ,,.
It is a sabbath that which was for the first time, in which God rested from the work of Hexa.
: Cmcri, which was the last day in Parapegmata gyptiaco Dionyfiano.
Zygon. And so Aegyptij with dicebant time Firmici clean.
3 xxx portions condiments, undoubtedly animoeum diemha.
abroad, which is not yet Aegon)%% ίσημε2 Re / yds observed. Words.
i. Firmici, feptimo book, chapter 3, where the uttermost part of the book :.
The number of the way to x x x x For the other are placed together. No matter how poßerioribus.
100 the parties, the earth is said to navigation by Compofita, so that the ratio of Barbarica also confirms this.
$ Arbaricam reason, such as Manilla said Ægyptian astrol.
ijii calls. You know, however, from the third to Egypt a year fue against.
: Massari also noted bifèxtum normal, with the fourth year.
two thousand light in the fertile the day of the menfis their lodgings, and had previously been observed that in the first.
It was, and is in the third year, as had happened in the grain. This convenient manner.
: Fèruabant memory of all. And so, when out of many, faeculis.
"This is a day designated in the undergrowth would have happened, as we ;.
: To Parapegmata Philadelphia Dionyfiano, the final day ZY.
... Gono incident. Therefore, the first dies after the Iiaia £ e9, there has been on the first day ,.
 Matt Octobris is an Zygon, 2; Mechir Egyptian Tri.
: 500 ccfima tifrum 189 years lulianis less than 19 days before the Jewish tifrum ,.
1 year 56o epoch constantinopolitanum. The cycle of Sunday Roman viiijs.
Moon 4. Vthæc is the world's most accurate historical epoch, so that nobody has.
& Tcnues observed, but all the x V 1 1 1 1 or fifteen years older.
¢ disasters; This generous spirit of the year of the Exodus his lack of knowledge; and this error. Now place.
3 goals, where the first places the finger Mofes designated by.
3, two immense rivers, the Euphrates and the Tigris, to bear no end.
3. For described Mofes flowing river, that is dripping.
| √ exedens, 37 o 1 o s e p h 1 Sc A 50 1 G e r i.
out of Eden, diuife into four heads, Phifon, Gchon, the Tigris, and Eve.
phrates. They also know that all of the Tigris and Euphrates to mingle.
great river flowing into the sea, complete discharged, but before excipian.
finu be perfect, again in two huge banks of the Po cut this figure ,.
And the Rhone. Many, however, and the streams of the marshes of essiciunt Ipfa, as they can not.
Only writes Arian, but also merchants, quiante to ten years.
places, informed the, bear witness to the same thing. Stream in the Eastern Mofes vol.
cat nve, that is, the z ^ Muu jEgys, for the sake of a pool of forces, which essicit ,.
cuiufmodi is Padufa than a turbulent river. the other, that oc.
shall fall, fpeétat, is calling for Iinºs, that is, the scapegoat. There are porrecta.
the second day, and for this reason it for the scapegoat, that it is great he may be.
of FE may send the channel did, so that the Mincio lakes Lake Garda, Lake Como and the Adda, B.
Ticinum, the Verbanus, the Rhone, Léman. Why the same reason.
the stream runs down, the pool, the Jerusalem which they are bombarded, it was said finia He.
braice, that idiotifmo to that at Jerusalem there was a wnivw, that is, have bought this.
Hum. Nothing is more plainly, this Expofitiones. which has also been fententia.
the chief of our times, the temple profane the letters of the interpreter: which there is no po.
test more accurately, it is a learned, although the nature of Phi.
Gihon, son and did not return. There was some give and a highly us, and.
