 v. ".
A period Atticæ. ann9 43 pcriodi Olympics, m £ gcraje & A & # ,.
τελάτός, yeului4 Máy $ en $ • 2% v% sia ;, in annofecundoprimi.
Metonis cycle: 333 neomcnia of Elul oh, three of which are highly prized and 4.17. 7o9 ;.
Leontonos VI, Anni the beginning 35 19, whose Zygon 4.9. O ',.
Scptembris XXIX. So the new Hecatombaeon eb ann6% pout.
and ran, with the neomcnia Leontonos, and He began this war is in the mind.
Munychionc year of the first year. 87 doe abincurfione laced.
the spirits of devils, under the command of Archidamus RegeSpartæ: the war veterans, from which it comes.
disseminated writer called Agχόαμό τόλμός, vfque enter into an agreement.
Then, in the tenth year of the war turn, the little refpirareAthe.
nienfibus and the Spartans were given. There is no doubt in epoch.
beginnings, nor the end. PeriodiIulianae the beginning of the year 428; The end.
43I Oh. Cepitanno slipped from the end of the 28 incurfione Archi ;.
End say, impofuit Lyfandruscaptis Athens, in the fourth.
Olympiadis XCH, Mayv% όνος μlwός ἐκτή ά όεκατη that writes Plu_.
tarchos. The 68 year period of the Olympics, and hence yo pcriodi.
Attic, May xiii IIaviu8 AXT, $ i3ap is Thursday; Sunday cycle.
XXVI. Now as we start such a war is to be etched out.
Solari, floods, and other eiufdem Fideris occur and urged noted fextus.
menfis a fine relating to such wars, during which they had in the time of an oligarchy, and from the Lyfandro.
Athens induéta the beginning of the current Olympiad 94 when the stadium.
YELLOW won Thessalus, which was celebrated this year Olympiad XX.
Augustus. Eclipfis are quætestcXenophonte cotcmpore happened ;.
"Payni fell from 344 to force the Nabonassaro, September 111, holiday.
fextus, neomeniaTifri 3358, of which charaeter 6. 2. 684.Parthenonos.
vii.anno World 3546, the finemvergente, which Zygon charaeter 3.
2 a. 11, September xxix.Ya% € ¢ gyroja d'Ayrigg. τελω? y {} ;, 1000 & τμός.
£ ετεαλίςαμ $ με. Exo 'μάuόνος% τςv% Weiz, 7; iaxd), in ten years more.
metonic cycle. He was a man, as we have said, xxviii Out of fextus menfis of the year.
curfione Archi. However Xenophon on this thing and these words are :.
τελάλες & $ g *, 3 & 6 áduluo5, § öxrò & άκοον ἐm F) to ^ ing.
Go ^ &%. In addition menfes six, eight and said vigintiannos this view.
War was completed. However idiotifmo a manner of speaking, and twenty-eight.
sannqs, on behalf of vicefimusoétauus annus.quælocutio apudIofephum, Plu.
tarchos, GregoriumTuronenfem, and others of the ancients weighs heavily met :.
quodmihi impofuit and may impose more cautious. Wherefore, let him halls.
cinari think that the fact that Xenophon, to the contrary, fall into the mistake. It is.
The delusions are fed dxvg9% α € ^ i) leisure u6s. Warned not to repeat ;.
Quodii made elsewhere in the new Jewish us negligeretranfla.
this factor: In fact, annicælestis ordinary citizen to the new moon being vfurpamtis, not by the Jews.
Gas. When the time and place requires that the DC Jewish year we ;.
 Tunc4I2 1 mm 2 s c a o s e p h 1 50 1 G E R L
IuJaiv £ time; moons policy. Again, because it lacks name A.
Menfium Elidenfium bus, the Olympic period, which was the same.
prorfus with Macedonia, Macedonian appeals menfium v.
inquire, is it of whom Hyperberetaeus, into which he was falling on the Olympiad ,.
Syromacedonum for the first time in late autumn, men have begun to share later. Yes.
which let him beware of exact an Leete, do not Hyperberetaeus of the Macedonians, O.
lympicum with Hyperberetaeus Syromacedonum with the autumnal equinox.
based. Troy writes on a grab for induétam from Lyfandro.
oligarchies, defines the absolute age of 779. Year of the prisoners, Ilija 35; 1 ;.
Annusoligarchiæ Lyfandreæ 431 a. The employment of 779 of the year, the numerous causes.
surprise set Diodorus. .
ON from C to E ss 5 ARTAXERXES LONGIMA N 1 ,.
 E t t 1 1 N 1 O 1 A 1 A 500 N o t h i


R v r x R x 1, μακέχὰς whose nickname was the other.
AE longer, as is the author of Plutarch or.
* Quodvtrunqüe arm further than commcnfus body.
human require that the Strabo attributed to the Arthasastha forty years.
Eufebius, and indeed it could be better than Ctefias, 50 x 1 1. For the one who gives it.
His death came a man of war for a year, called by Thucydides rejected on account of Peloponnefiaci ,.
the beginning of the winter: that is, periods of Iulianae end of the year 4288. He died of a C
quadragefimam in the command. The year 4289 is the first of those merits.
Killing Noth, who had previously Aχος flue Ozos jar after the request.
to reach out, not by the institution of, & confuetudine of their community, mutatonomi.
Do not AayoJos by the day. Growth together Ctefias, who are under his son Artaxerxes.
IIs; which way he fua scripfit. This confirms the start and at the time of death.
Arthasastha to its father, as well as vicefimo year war peloponn.
Fiacre, killing thirteen with the North, as it writes Greece.
dides, it all depends on the starting feptimo been terminated, that is, quasi.
as well as from the winter, the spring is important. The end of the Empire, and it is deduced from Diodorus.
Sicilian, and his death in the year 1 1 1 1 1 2 x c Olympiad blunt.
three out of war Peloponnefiaci reckons that by the year XXVII D.
curfione Archi. XIX then come over the years and which by Eufe.
bio noted. Julian, the 43 year period will not match Hoctempus O9.
Diodorus Eufebius support, and who wrote the time of death.
