
tion might want to Suetonius, Tacitus, the fourteenth cycle, the Sun's Luke :.
unless beyond the end of December of the year you say that the antecedent to have died. The PA.
Rum reports. A native of greenish-yellow to Kai. January in the, viii only.
Day present. Saluius M. Otto was born, according to Suetonius, On. So.
mitio Aenobarbus, Camillo Aruntio c o s s. Julian, 77 years ,.
1111 Kai. May, 14, of the moon cycle. Experts, Auetore Suetonius year.
age XXXVIII. The thirteenth cycle is lost in Iuliano.
orii. But the heart of the. Silently, he ended his life, / and seizing anticipated.
offal years. Therefore Julian 1 1 3 years before Galba. That.
is absurd. A.Vitellius born, druf Cæfar, burnt to the choice.
I e c o s s. menfe September, or that some O & tobri, ongoing for years.
as he went the Empire, Tiberius, who was one of fexagefimus Julian, the cycle of the moon.
1. Cut XT writing Suetonius 50 years of age 1 v 1. Therefore, it died on.
in that same year, He will enter to him, this was the year of the stature of autumn, from whose LVIII, &.
Hence the same cycle, in which he had been born. So that the Julian year.
exvii, almost three years after he had slain Otho. That & ipfum it.
itself. But the heart of the. is more liberal is the one who says it does not feptuagefimo.
feptimo Caefarum been fed feptimum & quinquagefimo blotting.
So Julian year and kills 118, four years after Otto. Or joy.
younger be killed, or if many years, including those c o s s. Born ,.
To them SUETONIUS. You see how right we were to FAE.
100 terms, and if they are, or the stories they want, or the human condition.
tion and commit sin, he is in it tartar of wine, but in fact almost all of the recent robberies, of such things.
the light, and so great a store, so many absurdities, by them, fummis men with him.
they had failed. From these considerations which have already difputauimus, there is nothing of these three things Impe.
ratoribus can gather beside the arguments that were uncertain.
Roman origins and the more you have written fententiis.
They give than to develop. The Vefpafianus that we know from Suetonius and.
berium Alexander prefect of Egypt, first words Vefpafia.
our legions sustained the groin on the first of July: at the threshold of which the government of the day.
Rum had been enforced. A Kal.igitur when even the beginning of July stands out.
in winter. Julian again went up to Jerusalem to destroy it at the end of the summer of the year 115, with Christ.
Oh dsti 7, in Vefpafianus as Iofephus related, ongoing. Therefore year.
Julian fifteen, Christ LXX, the Kal.Iulij, iniuerat fertile annusVc.
fpafiani. And furthermore, Julian CX year 1111, and hoggetti terms with Christ.
Vefpafianus the first Kal.Iuliis, the cycle of the moon 11 11, Sunday 1 xx 1 Imp.
Ser. Raising 1 1, T. Vinio Crifpinum c o s s. In periods of the year.
4782. lianae.
v.
»• 474 MO S e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
500 E H 1 e r o s o ο 50 1000 N M E R R R E P 50 1000 1 A.
The CVN's E 1 500 ci 500: 1. 50 ,.
10 a. d. Kal.Iulij, the fourteenth cycle, the start command stands.
She gave him his fruitful year, as foretold by Iofephus down, O Jerusalem.
when the temple was destroyed, the end of the Summer. Therefore, in this cafus remedy.
1 cycle x 111. That is the truth. For the year, according to Iofephus fi.
AG & md% μω fell ek Ttoraperwaldewarlu 2d0 $ xo. Fourteenth.
Julian March fourteenth fifteenth match between Macedonia. Therefore.
Jewish Nifanius end in March. In fact, it was fequens tifier.
Matt August, Tuesday. Nifanius the antecedent first day ,.
Matt cycle Sunday, Kai. April, in the early stages sixth Alexandria B.
drcae.qui place is famous for the trial period of the Jews A.
lexandream. In fact, the game you would have been in vain, the calculation of of these, cam. E
For rat 383 Jewish year. Nifanius 6. 19. 4o9 Wednesday feptimi.
tranflatitia two 9oux d $ @ ^ & $ 7ro tixåk. Therefore, from the calculation of ho.
dierno is an Nifàm Non. Id. April. But it was the first of A.
Prila. Therefore Agofiyma \ CAlwaix) fa by a single day. Accordingly, there are VFI.
Alexandrca period. Was the nineteenth year of the sixth period ca.
lippicæ. Mayvy% y Agvrawelas Kal. April. What is better prove.
period of early Judaism? Hence, Rabbi Adda year castigator.
the country, the year of 365 days' hours and 5 minutes.
997. chaldaicorum moment. However, she could have said #. But C.
Jewish holiday period was 76, not 19 years. Atfecundum medium.
motion Tables, nouilunia been in a March 3: when.
periods of Alexandria and set up the new moons, and ever I was aware, however, vfus the politician.
child in on the first of two days, of course, be stated, which the medius of the movement. Sm.
This calculation bit doctiß.Moscs son MAIMON Jews before that.
Today also use a numbered years, the destruction of the Temple and abieétis fep.
Tenario, which remained, when he had a year of returns week by week, quodp.
bag box. For the first few weeks of the year excidij p.
end runs Annointegro mistake and removed Iohafin all.
Chronologi Jews and fentiunt. So according to that tartar of wine the Jew by breaking the calculation of the ho.
Dierna was the middle term between the movement of the middle Of the Moon, and the new moons, and D.
civic Alexandria. After demolishing it, and the flames are them down.
JERUSALEM Sept. V 1 1 1, as he writes Iofephus end lib.vi, the Sabb.
ii. Elul politicians Alexandreix 1 1 1: Parthenon fifteen years with the world.
ing 4o 2. 1 5 32 19 Zygon. Scptembris. Matt: feptuagefimo day of the year.
