
There is a third that is to be, that Nabonassaro fuccessit Mardokempad, that is.
the books of Kings and Efaiam prophcta said at first.
Merodac part of the name, but not the Merodackenpad. It Mero.
DAC Efaia said his son Bcladan. So Beladan & Nabonaflàr i.
DCM. The name of the royalty Nabonassar. Nomcn, however, as the first.
uatus had BelAdan. Of those whose names impofitionc book.
Bproximo, at a more opportune place, difputabitur. Add another two Par.
gumenta diau4i ^ TX%. Nabonassar is to be ^ ysaiaa, in whose footsteps from the.
tant in Ccnforino, he with whom it is written, how the years Nabonazaru, Na :.
άνα3g8 not the NA% iaatige. But SalmanAfàr is npwT>% u mil.
la Fane cognationc name of the other party, which is Greek La.
iifdem fine letters prorfus annihilated. Another reason is that falfum.
, | pick, Salmanafàr was King of Babylon from the back Re.
gum, chap. , xvii, where it is written, the king of the Assyrian army of Babylon are at a flat.
Penychen Samaria at. We, however, we say that is one thing, being, there is Ba *.
hath caused the withdrawal of colonies, and the other of the city of Babylon. In fact, he could.
to obtain a certain part of Babylon: I Salmanafar, when in fact it is not.
Cfuerit King of Babylon. But, all these things are in one strong and argument.
can be destroyed. Merodac, fine Mardokempad began to rule Ba.
bylonc year period Iulianae 3993, which was fextus ezc year.
Kiaere of the King of Judah, was the date when the capture of Samaria, and reigned from the Salmanafaro. Er =.
it was necessary to go has been rich in these three important passages of these fententiam, Nabonaf.
Far, Salmanafar and Merodac a eundcmque King fuif.
e. We see the absurdity of it. It is not, however, deny that po.
this could have been the king of Assyria, and the Egyptians King appear to Du.
bitabundi announce: so it Samaritæ fortassè here once.
years in the care of a crime. With two of his arguments, if not in nccessarium, now considering the.
men futile. The first is that the old Julian was Nabonassa.
Dro derive feptenarij met with Samaritan in £.
Batica. The year 1584 was a year of Christ, Julian z 31 from 3 Nabonaf.
Faro and sabbatical Samaritarum eiufdem the autumn of the year ;.
o; 31 feptenarium will be a number of public est.Alterum argument.
as well as, at the new moon what is the Sun's should begin from the xxix of March Nifanius her neighbors.
The epoch of the old Nabonassari. This fines can be demonstrated robust.
nonadmittenda, so it does not rashly to be neglected. How often mention Na.
ßovaaydga with Ptolcmxum, paraphrastcs Arab changed from ^^ = j *.
Ecchat.
\ O s e p h 1 394 50 1 1 S C A G E R 1.
Bechatnezar, that is Nabuchodonofor. And so we find in quibuf A.
Some recordings. Why is the oldest Almagesto publications.
I remember having read a book here by order of King & Maimonis Arabs.
In 3aldach ruled by Alhaz son 1o / bushel son Maire & rithmetic, € 5.
Sirigi filioElbe Christian, nestling in the year they Sarracens tranf & c.
wide. From the continuance of that tranflatione perfpicere allowed.
In fact, for a year, falls on the new moon of Muharram of the year 212 of Christ.
8 27 vernacular, cyclo x 1 Monday, April fertile cycle, the 24 ,.
On Tuesday. Why is the observation that Paraphrafe anti Albateni.
is closer to fifty years plufquam who tranflatione from the gods.
says the Nabuchodonofor NABONASSAR to say, on behalf of, or he may let us wonder at ,.
So why Alfonfini call. For two great need $ Ptolemœi Greece.
Never done, ncquefi supply would have been able to understand.
500 E 1 N 1 1 t e r o o 1000 500 100 From H.
Ken D. O N A A A 500 OR 1000
 Ar o ff from ONA to fucccssit Mardokenpadus first match.
You name overthrown dictus Efaia prophet, and the book, Re.
gum back. This is the name compofitio ieiaTinr.
Merodachkenpad. As this village is said to be the son of Beladam Efaia, Nebo.
massar is obviously Beladan, except perhaps for the son and grandson pofuit.
that it is not uncommon for the usual Hcbraifmus. Thus, Nabonastar if the firstborn son of Bela.
Dan Nabonassari overthrown. Some of the good and love of writing c.
take copies of the kingdom of inuafisse this, Merodach of Babylon, and by force.
occupied, while it had previously Afaradonc Assyrian king, quasi.
he has had, however, the Assyrian, Merodach: confuta from us before, that of fate.
then. They went out from the gate of the ivory gate fomniorum years have these things may be avoided.
bienft. ¥ £ me good men to yield further savings.
A £ αιοφαγοόν. Merodachbaladan stands out from the beginning of the year 27 against.
Nassara, the Thoth in February xx, on the fruitful year period.
Iulianae 3993. Moon, however, failed eiufdemThoth 29, the night the.
fecutus the 19 day of March, almost 1 1, fequente 1 1 1, the cycle of the moon 3 ,.
Sunday xvii month after 3 years of Jewish O4O, Noetus, which fecutus.
He is XT. the charaeter 1. 18. 213 Wednesday prolific Martijv, Ichthy 1 ".
We XXI fequente xxii 3 2 29 years the world: the moon Zygo.
We charaeter 1. a. 5'4, October fertile soil. Again in the ongoing e.
iufdem Mardokenpadi Thoth XT 1 1 1, failed to translate the same year of PE.
Rio Iulianae 3994, March 1 1 v 1, fequente ix Friday, cyclosorum.
Matt suit, Moon 4, XT month, fequente x v 1, 3 O 41 years of Jewish :.
the charaeter 6, 3, 9 February 1 xx 1, Ichthyonos x 1 year.
3394. Ncomcnia world Zygon 2.6. 43. Id. Octobr. ID ED E 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 50 1 B.