
fet, the surrender of sacta have been divested of the kingdom, was sent into exile Carmania, is that, from Cyrus ,.
as the berof. Megafthenes a superb fcriptum fcribit so on.
Nabuchodonoforo: o de ® roll; EwAuo.d4e9χθάσίλωσε.tów5 6.
xmd \% Xaoxleivovg Nwe / YAO; agn6 ^ Azra 7toJa AA% xorodegoxoy. τότε δ.
Xτῶνόγ (ας £ ιαὐ μᾶg9, Naßowid Tov X% d \ xyJai ssao ia ayooixoy%.
ό & ά}. τ} δ Kö3 © i ^ ^ ® measles όα Kαρμαίης ήγεμονίω σωςάτω. in.
the closing fcriptoriconuenit.Scd pauloanteaidem Megafthencs.
he says of Cyrus, He dedidiffe a certain Mcdemnomine fellow-citizens, that is, BABY.
propinaffe diripicndam Cyrus, He is the north, which fell upon the flight of the salute? e.
periffe, cumin munitiffimam Borfippenorum be recepiffet castle.
Jerof this it attributes to Nabonnido. Nabonnidus it was called.
This came about, last term RexBabylonis, fuffragiis of the people, was elected king. With.
Daniel: The king called Mcdes grade and fuffragiispo created equal.
nents. Darius, the year of Medea cli Nabonnidus.HuncCyrus 1.
to its killing, fighting Viet Castle Borfippenam house. In.
Besides yourfcif Cyrus conquered Babylon in their empire was XIX, some difference.
given the time to settle matters, and all states of the city, the fortifications ,.
obfidione which is long, and the top labor captured in difturbauit, Vt.
fcribit berof. Having made such a gestis, to the Borfippum fight against it, of the anus.
mum person. However Nabonnidus fortress surrendering fact, and the life.
Carmania campaign and donated cft. Intcrca remains Bello palace.
quensP 50 Ε O R G E N A. ο 1000 XXXV.
qucas Cyrus the country vfque gold, frankincense is avowedly where Capiffàmvr.
bem ad Indumfluuium FITA pulled down, so that fcribit Solinus. And so, pa.
They build up the parts of the East, Babylon, rcdiens, Sufianam all in.
detreétantem gum, once the rule has already been allotted for Babylon, no.
dcbellauit end of difficulty, so it exStrabone clear, though.
errs Strabo dumaitSufianam Cyrus Medisademptam. For '.
rather Mcdisadcmpta Chaldeans is connected therewith, Daniclis force 1 1 a.
For Æfchylus to bear arcemSufâ from Cyaxarevaftatam from aftyr.
ge inftauratam fcribit. Aftyages have been overcome by Cyrus. '.
Quarefub AftyageSufiana government Babylon menacing & TA that anyhow.
Nabonaftarum after that I think, and if there is conjecture from it.
Is propitious to the Mede betrayed by me, with all its fortaffe satrap effet. The rest ,.
the things that we have mentioned, do not anger from us, so that to make interpretcs ufually of Daniel ,.
And chronology, but from Daniel: berof, Megafthene received.
Reuerfus the shrunken Babylon, Cyrus all commands fuo.
fubaétis, then the law could say: The Lord dark deditmihiom.
inhibits the kingdoms of the earth: the year of the Empire, and that is what takes place in his vndetri.
cefimo a ninth Babyloncum taken a grab Coni'ah feptuagefimo examples.
from Jeremiah; thither to the terms with the past; He fcripfit or feptuagefimo.
whether the rule of Babylon impofitu end of the Jewish captivity.
• Rum. cap.xxv, 12, XXV 1 1 7 x 1 x 1 Oh. This is not potuitcom.
Ting; unless beyond all Affyria, & Babylon fubaéta: that the time ,.
as we have said, stands out from the year, vndetricefimo of Cyrus, 'He who is the first.
annusimperij mouse Babylonians 2 Chron. XXVI, 2 2. Efdra 1, 1 ;.
r 1, 3. & tertijanni mentioeft Daniel, 1: fuitvltimus and that it :.
end of life and their empire. Obiitenimannovno & tricefimoimperijfui.An.
nusprimus Cyricæpit 55 first Olympiad, which concurritcum.
annoNabonaffari Cambyfis first year was 188, 219 Nabonaf.
lighthouse. The difference inItiJ year and Cambyfis, annifolidi; oaThoth.
189 Nabonaffari. Death igituranno imperijfui slipped through his work.
{ICI, however, the empire third Babylonians ongoing and the fcptuagefimo.
Iechoniæ tranfportatione. Atıf fomniant Darius was necessary for me.
dumfuiffe the king of perf & Mcdorum heaviness, because that chapter. V ,.
28 said kingdom is diuisserunt EFI, and it A4edis 5 and Persian.
Itaqueex diuifione conjecture that the two kings defignari other.
Media, another palace, and pfoinde necessary for Aftyagem, Sec.
Cyrus fuiffe. But Aftyages, grade MedorumRex, antemultos.
arinos interfeetor been Anfir fourth year. Only Cyrus medium Sec.
Perfidetunc affairs. In addition, ruled at the time of diuerfis ,.
Nom united Darius the Mede, and Cyrus. r 1, 28. So then, neither.
The kings of the won over by the two at that time, not all damage is gathered from the words of the gods Daniclis.
uifio.XIX 10 50 5 1 pr o e o 1000 E 100 N A.
».
uifi. For the word of the, O ^ B, in which the semen, Daniel, is nothing else, than to.
x óvouá as straight Iofephus 5 means that cft, and crushes yearly.
fignificant and change the Kingdom. As long as a kingdom.
• dliberos right fuccefforio is removed, then the entire call po.
Test: When the exterostransfertur, then breaks down. I accept that
Reg. x 1, 31. Here, £ gofcimdo lending Jolomomis Kingdom. Nosne.
the mouse, settle any δωδμησιν him fignificari. Tranflator the government.
Balfafaro from the blood of human beings, nabonidus: A against.
'Nest Medo, to Cyrus bear. Reet, therefore, it is said, is broken fearfulness of soul.
Your government, and it was given. Medium and treacherous. αόn ex ^ h ^ etc. gaqì.
GJ; O AD) ö3n tjMnìq $ d IIagaià. Hebraifmus or Chaldaifmus.
PNS, 'i £, media and treacherous, that is, the medium and the rogue ,.
That is to say it is fignificari, imperiüad to invade it transferri.Itaq; hiscon.
ucnienter said Megafthenes Na% i3oXowXaod \ xydaigaoiAâa 75oo ft.
wofició & ά}.