 στεg9x) for years.
The same shall go out the roof, above the A: Llinares, Sunday as the day of one memory hor. Oh ,.
685. HIPPARCHUS difputans from just above the level at the Tropic of years.
LCM, this is Julian, the year he discovered the true Tropi.
when you have a less than quadrantc scruples is. 4 ', 48 ". This is a burden.
annivers, but only 365 days to be hor. 5, scruples. 55 ', 12 ". The ipfemet.
testified as follows: Σωτάχα σὰ ἐλά? διανοίε χόε ό ριβλία άi ,.
And d 2 and rodexyùa, ότι ό καθ λιον ἐνιαυτός (τά% d% wcra%, 6%, & A.
ό ίλ @ · Xao voxijs Izi τω αJrlu »trorlu) from 32) {£), if Xai ioMuseiag two.
500 rlu) aJrlu) gateway / w) aeëìíxç íuíegς Εί, κ, λαῖδ η τέαςτημόσμον ημά.
e%%% α traxooio μígé puάς ημάegς, κα) κυκτύς. But how col.
binds to this, in another place also gives another reason: γάς σε μῖας μάρ έλεις ό ^ /.
vxog \ Y Xoy from $ and% by Argos, 3Gtg xdx £ yo, (Callippus & Melon).
τὸ δέ άνιαυτὸ ἐπ ό £% ^ & régmuoefe cosmos iaxaußáò% μέλια μí.
© £ 'uάς ήμíegς, ως and 7% area »i \ Efrayim (j§2 μ $ Méraja fiuáeg%, zra.
d% from $ τὸν Kαλττον ήμάegy Z. This is also the words above the lunar year.
position. However necessarily have to be repeated here. Betrayed the cause.
fufpicio'274. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
fufpicion fuae Hipparchus, the A. So they have to the amount of a quarter of the year,
Julian diminished because the moon anteuer Calippicis 1 6 cycles.
epoch-laden Calippicam on a solid surface. Callippus of cnneadecacte.
the four with the same number of the Julian exæquauerat ridas: Llinares. and to prevent the pi.
he supposed to be, discuss, indeed, the geminate between the heaven. But Hipparchus.
Calippicis into four periods, that is 3 years O4, one day ago.
¢ £% of their moons are caught. Why neglectus 4 years diuifa Quan.
oh oh quantity of a single day for 3 years, he has found one year removed scrum.
Pula 4 ',;. that is 4 ', 48 ". Thus, not only the college had been no.
while of the year, and the Savannas, but also Ptolemy 286 years after fč.
persuaded the sun and out of Xavxa% * aaa & ς ανάγιω adults.
to be. Why astronomers of today, even the most erudite traffic B.
which, and fearing from, why Hipparchus, Ptolemy, after the cenfue.
seek out a quarter of the sun above the 365 day to take scruples. 4. 48 ".
For that is not striking people think that by him, and of the keeping of the Hipparchus: in front of him.
so that the equinoxes are the instruments of the astrolabicis it was the rule; whereas there are.
not only out of his life had passed enneadecaetericis the rule had been the case, but it is made a dif.
& Julian, not the year of the Tropic of some indifference, but a portion of the nineteenth to, in a dissertation.
tiœ between the two enneadecaeteridem, Julian and shaped. Why ?.
not of our current among the astronomers of the stature of the contrary, state Hipparchus of the year.
from among all the nations, from the æquinoótiis here, vfque fluétuantes goals.
Sunday conuerfione three hundred fexaginta five hours five ,.
scruples. 55 minutes, preferably from eafque Melon, and Euétemonis observation C.
8um fixed properties determined by combined again? And of such fupinum.
they should read Ptolemæum fuum. For the hip with him.
parchifonant, to have been from cam fyzygiis enneadecaetericis collcétam and ponder how.
quantity of the year. But let them know these men, and let them all haetenus, because these things are not of the anus.
maduerterunt, Hipparchumcum and old, not only of yourselves, Metonc ,.
& Calippus, but also Ptolemæum ipfum with parchus true.
to deliver the quantity ordered to be executed from comparison with the year of the Tropic of enneadecae.
teridi Lunar and steady Star. At 1 to 6 cycles.
Nothing about the rest of the Sun and Moon scrupularia possible thing to do.
Hipparchus. Why is this quantity disserentiæ that we through.
3 oh oh diuifa, Julian thought he disserentiam year and the tropics. Of the 500,.
they thought him to be made to him, wheresoever they shall be delivered utterances in the old Xavxdldgaaiv av %% mh on, there will.
ago7rlu) Sunday to be determined. and how absurd it comes to the movement of the sun.
from the lunar to think that, no one does not see. The quantity of the year tropics.
Hipparchus first, then nothing else is assigned Ptolemgo ,.
the years of emperor Julian the same as the mode for the nineteenth to Partee, vtriufque.
enneadecaeteridis mutilated. Then, like we have, is scruples. 4 ', 48 ". No.
phases 82, ;. that is 4 ', 33'; 2 ",,. Discussing scruples. oh ', 14 ", 39",.
The E and E 1000 N 500 E A T O P O R V 1000 1000 51 B 4. 275.
From this year agreed menfibus twelve full and alternate recesses and.
dicbus addition, eleven of Twin Menfo never agree with u.
næ running it, except the first enneadecaeteridis. In the other variant no.
uilunia, parts of which are designated by the Moon, flue refide.
epaétarum. In the first year of enneadecaeteridis, epaétae none are :.
terms; Oh. In the ongoing epaétæ xi Terms six. And thus forward ,.
enneadecaeteridis again until it returns to the head. Finally, first.
this year is the year of the Golden 19 Our radiation. Nor vu.
epaétis than changing the system in which it takes place in the present year.
Julian Agoíuíaoiy on Monday. The key to this year.
the second of April, in the first period, Jewish, Wednesday, July cycle.
BSolis ongoing, the cycle of the moon Dionyfiano fourth. His efforts.
So to see τςοίμίίων Qελήνης for many years as a head stages.
Iulian thought. There is nothing more beautiful than to know this, too.
the founders of the Paschal cycle, when grievously vexed with a deadly wound in close formation it becomes a matter of such :.
