
always on top, for the edges of the things that say almost everything in a man's deeds: And whereas one of so close a.
dus Juliana all compleétatur. It is not, however, I forbid you all the historical epoch.
Rum calculation, to add on, if to whom so it would seem. First, however, to remind out.
bet, vtra Palilia fequitur, Varro, an Cato. dealt with in the part of the Chro.
mologorum the wisdom of the Defiderius, is sent to a Periculofum epoch.
controuerfam years in the care of demand so as to Palilia of Rome at the age of m.
perij Augusti, haetenus in unto them in all the & Hannah, Historiarum.
Hum fcriptores birthday Chriftidirigunt time, they lose their uncertainties.
leétores, than in the past. Having made such a constitutis, there is no aid, the end of the day.
marking the old forgive you vtriufque faith noftriSolaris and lu.
The first day of the moon should be provided. and to that extent, where the thing is poftulabit, not to GRAY.
Day Nabonaffari are also Egyptian hegirae Muhammcda.
For Iezdegird do apply, and præfertim Attic with men.
fibustam mob, according to which the town-hall: in such a way, so that Harpaleas men.
fibus the Metonem, metonic the Calippus, Calippicis vfque ad.
the edition of that year, Julian, whereon he may have. Wherefore, just as the noble-minded than out of the.
Poch, so that the table can moons Attic & Pry.
ζ Litanies ,.
v.L 'p r o G o E 50 E 1000 N A.
Tani, Jewish and Muhammedano and harmoniæ years.
in the superior, to the threshold of the work, shall be: do not be unprepared to the bed to a man's deeds.
The annals of the context rum, or accept the invitation. Where lack Characters ,.
appofitionem next year, and will have used the crossing, which is Vl.
timumfubfidium. For example, when the kings of Judah and Samaria, no.
charaeter appofitum-year-old, only to put together the wild beasts, and be content with effe.
We menacing and urged alone years, for otherwise it is impossible. However.
at certain intervals annidirigendi. So that from the book of Exodus, of which the charaeter cer.
TIFF is the day of the week, with the fifth to the cafum Sedekiae, of which it is a year of charaeter.
Of the Sabbath, annifunt abfoluim 9o7.a conditus of the temple, which the index is for certain.
frankincense from this writing coincides with the year of the Exodus 48o to cafum Sedekiae.
must not allow the addition of imputed as a crime takes place years of age, on account of the years of abfolu.
tos, if its gliding are supposed to be in place of, or in the reverse. Then at intervals.
radiation operation will be required. As an example for the passage of the years of abfoluim.
You initially Daniel Jehoiakim third year, which was the fourth Ia.
having a prediction XXV 1. At Gregorius Turonenfis eiufmo.
Many extant examples gods, and with Iofephus and Plutarch, and.
Xenophontis. This is done either end are excluded.
Plutarch at any time the both of the border of the way for it. Example: Sab.
pofterius is approved, the eighth day from the previous fabbato. The interval fč.
seven days. But Plutarch dixiffet the dregs of the day. Namely exclufis both cases.
that fabbato. This one is not equal to the error of growth together, but idiotifmus vfurpan.
confuetum components of the ordinary. Thus, Matthew xvii i.Marci IX, 9. lees.
exclufis each day is the total mark of 1 x 28 there are eight ,.
inclufa each term. No fue charm & Hiftoriarum day grind.
signature to fail, even if the certainty hold. Example: The Cow.
fulum fair, we know the year of Christ 364 cffet first Valentiniani.
But the Elder was created in bifextili and Poftridiè bifèxti m.
the Empire of the iniiffe fcribit, non eft he charaeter be omitted. The result will be that.
In this way, a certain distance between himself and another to the end of a fixed, where the deftituent fi.
gna, by this, as if in that marituto set sail for the poffis of Helica. The same gods.
the co eclipfe, indiétionibus, years of sabbatical air Hifpanica ,.
celebrations of the Pafchate -divinities with Hiftoricum Chriftianos:, and.
by recalling to the cycles of the care of all these things, of which the teaching is that they have in a great.
dews came up to meet, and many made it clear to should be great. But do not make rash fcri.
HALO lack of fiderum affentiatur end Tabularumaftrono.
micarum balance. , Are fallacious, for auetorem it is not uncommon, with the fervency of & frankincense thereon:.
his eyes that had never been reported so that Dio and marked.
defeating Cæfar, Saint Viet popular in the death of nerve zofia in.
memorable battle Theodofij and Eugenij tyrants Tarrutius cele_.
berrimus the mathematical concept of Romulus, finch and the City.
There was a 50 P R O E M E N A. Oh 1000 50 i
{.
I

;.
[.
I.

Sometimes lack a fog Sunday they think the climate vtplu.
'Beautiful scene with annocædis Cæfaris time ago, and three days without me steal.
ro, but pale, but dreaded the moment and black paffions Sunday.
For several hours, but in the Church of Christ 798 for 18 days so black, Vt.
straying ships in the sea, under Lending Kal.Ianuariis repentinaca.
pick-ax, and the darkness in the circus, and with tears, and tefte Lampridio.Trebellius Pollioin.
Gallien: Gallieno & Fagftino c o s s. even amid so many disasters of war for three times.
the movement of the earth, and the dark for many days of the year, 393, or 594, dr.
ca day Pentecoftes so obfcuratus to the sun, such as the destruction imminent.
simply believed Jerome Pammachius: * Nosféimdimus EC.
Cl% am that a few men / s, in regard Pemtecoftes when obfçurato.
the sun, the Judge of all the world may come to fear that at any moment he, € 5c.
Pentecoftes Jews is always fexta Sivvan, that is, fexta from nouilunio.
ltaq; The sun is never to be deficient in pentecoftes can serve in Jewish prayer: sincere; much less.
