
Consequently wont to. There is no doubt that this is true is that local interpreter.
tion. But since Saturn boys sacrificed, it should be noted ipfum Saturn.
on the Phoenicians it was known with the surname of that not in one. Cities in quibufdam.
I was 9. In other Iaeg A. Melki among others, to be broadcast on facris Litc.
side. All in all, however, Tyrij thereof, a star, or abstained, A significant number of the room
custom v, 26. But another star confecrauerunt to keep you $ | 97rwv% flue.
And the patient; And the City. Byblienfis philosophy: Get $ 35 Astiptn Si Te Te ijia a.
xí ßaaiXeia; zapdamuor x € m) Axtar) gvegg. τέevosvdaz out of 5 τι} oixovuãto ejper a g.
** agez time, o ^ AK Swain & Túpala τῆ ἀγία to wet the qiipoaw. There is, however, whom he wishes.
Ἐωσχόpoy Greek, Latin star, called Ifaiam fourteenth »1 2. said.
¬Tg 12 - in ίοαράpg ῦς τῆς Hάς, and in the same head Ifaiam vfurpatur resign.
πετῆς ἀςτρ proucrbialiter. . . •.
£ 4 Q 'Byhig.] 4. In 1000 F O R A G E N T A.

Oh, B.! Upright. ] What might be called in facris letters and Beirut, not late.
I could swim. Phoenix and is still pure, that is, Hebrew, nnina.
How is some room Ezekielem xlv 11,16. quodnomen was not up to a fan.
Shrines and Phoenicians. Idehim ESTs ^ p86. Philo Byblienfis "®) * $% 8% ετυ EX13 ,.
xzx% w </ G>. ί'στς E% λάa.Ae to show Byegy%. Nonnus, Beroe the Romans Beryton the gods.
ci toys. However, neither the names of the Byblumfuo facris books can be given.
mouse. Jerome Gobel more afraid to be called. In this argument? Therefore Gy.
blos not Byblos to be heard. But "AIA potiusnomen would be true with respect to B £ Ay.
the ribs. Or else it can be. But why this diet, by whom and when it is not.
We can say. / /.
Cai 3i & TW xejoi e • ** & TPAI] Ierombal this, fine Irombaal older.
Sanchoniathone. Sanchoniathon For he received from him, then this man is handed down. However this.
Irombaal said hicvixisse of tartar Mofis and Trojan. ErgoSanchonia.
thon newer Mofaico tartar. . .
H ''? jiixla "%" G "αύτψt;] VtSanchoniathonem very old test ,.
equal to fgculo of Semiramis, he said, Semiramis, however, antiquioremfgculoTro.
hand arch, autfaltcm equal to: Therefore, Sanchoniathon estantiquior, or equal to the fgcu.
Trojan lo and proindeantiquißimus, quiaTroica grasp. However yourfcif Sancho.
niathon of Tire, Philo of Byblienfem has been established, as a thing of the most ancient.
supreme power. Tire was founded 76 years before Ilijexcidium. So how much.
Sanchoniathon inferior tartar Trojan, to 76 or the year before Ilijexcidium.
tiquissimo is it? The words of Philo, δύο φησί (> y; Oriya% ov) oixiav, tvega, xaXvGa you.
¥ * *> * &% xaxaasy Oy. However, it fæculumSemiramidis cumTroicis loser.
the ravages of time, he compares, by far the more absurd than this, & Porphyry, most humble one. Ipfaenim salt.
iemannis the destruction of a thousand Ilijantecessit. This was demonstrated. In Greece.
All of the books imperiorumantiquißimum assyriacarum, whose fedes in the City.
Minus race. Nini founder productive overcome, employing. Genefeos x, 11. sedges.
If Chaldgi & Nini, named after the founder of the Persian Together flight was writing. Yes.
fiueNinus Chaldgos that bears fruit, fine Ashur productive Hebrgos, it was first.
The King of Afiyriæ, who are from the Indus River to the ends of the Lybian sea, took possession of things is widely done as follows: from the Wetting the reality.
gnats, vfqueadSardanapalum, quemtricefimum a Nino fuifle writes Ctefias and.
After Ctefiam Diodorus. Nini, both from the beginning to the end Sardanapalis, 136o years.
suppose. DeincepsMedi Arbacer from the beginning, the beginning of the Cyaxaris, which Ctefias Af.
Thibari, when the Assyrians had conquered 242 years. From the outset Nini ,.
Cyaxaris at the beginning of the year funtprgcife i6o2. Cyaxares entered imperiumMedorum.
37. what is collected is of Olympias, who, from of the seasons with the annofecundo.
Herodotus and diferte reveal at Eufebius. Cyaxaris then start with.
furgit periods of the year 4o83 Julian was evacuated, of which £ 5 O 16 tie. solids from wrong.
Nini action at the start of Cyaxaris stays Nini answered in the first year.
»1 48 in the period Juliana. Aristotle wrote back again Callisthenem vitima.
Chaldaicarum the antiquity of the year was captured by Alexandra of.
millefimi account was noningentefimum third season at Babylon.
Rum. Babylon is in a period of Julian tie 1902 and 4383. Dedu absolute.
ris, there remains a Julian, the periods of the year of 2481, we have said it was the first one that we already.
Nini from the beginning. Calculate the years, the vtebantur Chaldean plan.
the first year of the reign of Ninus, it is not through Nimrod, being in time past have thought that. The Fane.
Chaldæi2.
N o t £. 4I.
:.
i.I.
Babylon, the ancient Assyrian empire, or a more ancient king Nino.
worth mentioning, they could not, from him, the years of the care of the right of thought, in which the other of the anti.
very remote and not they knew. But it is impossible for the end of any cases iven the country.
antiquity is of ancient times, fuorum return to their epoch. Was the world's i7i7.
Blow Zygon 5.7. 28, October xx. Blow Krion V 1 1 1 April.
Therefore v 1 1 1 April is a very old Neuruz Chaldaicum. And so, four.
EXO, ezzgeog. kabet χ {αee »* Athenienfis in a 1 v 1, January, laevis Sept.
"The first day in a 1 v 1, April 1,% Ewo Elidenfium the V 1 1 1 July, wetvtwew ?, Mace.
