
the remains of a temple Bertrand, whereas today fedes authority to con.
struétum was. State prove its durability and fplendorem no.
nimentum & Épigraph quamplurimæ presented there today, more.
Rum part encoding from within ourselves. But it was Colon.
Romania. For the Ptolomæi books and manuscripts read :.
vwøîoflé; δ τí IIvgfiy, Koueá0. Ko) 7ráÀug αυὰ} AOmTAOmNOmN.
Ko ^ ®) IA. The voice Ko ^ ®ia lacking in excuforum. Two Lugdunenfes.
Colony were in France. Lugdunenfis concentrated nine.
populaniæ and Lugdunenfis Segufianorum, we derive from L. Mu.
Βnatio Planeo, then by. Claudius Caefare diet was 50 o C on 1 A.
A c c o P 1 50 5 500 1 A A A A A 50 5 5 G 5 G S O 500 vN 5 Marcus Auote five.
Vienna, for the inscription between the frankincense, and the iFart and the Confluence of the Rhone.
For this reason, there is nothing in the Gregory, which has our own diligence, that he demand a ,.
vfque to intermediate IX. In the treaty between Gunthchram.
Surely, and the king Childebert year HUdeberti fourteen sunk to Christmas.
STI 586. Libcr nine starts fifteenth Hildebert King.
year, and says that in the year preceding famous flood happened since.
Pope Gregory the right Dialogue 3, Ch. XIX, visited.
cient for about five years before writing dialogues fuore.
inundations to defeat it. It is true that time too.
cpor Pclag Papamobiisse and Gregory eiuslocum bright :.
Such was the year 59o, indiétione o'clock beginning from September :.
The first ordinance, which indiétio Gregory, as shown in Episto.
seagull was comprehenfa it. Therefore year and Hildebert King.
He was 59o or 589 of Christ, it might also be in Sigebertus. However.
Understand the year and always absolute. In fact, so to speak, this Gre.
Gorium disclosed supra. The vfu is telling Latin, is or was.
XT less fluent HUdeberti. The fifth year of the ordinance fuse Gre.
Pope Gregory began to write dialogues disciples; fiquidem from the cladcs.
of which it happened that a short time before they are ordered. Pay ,.
Gregory talks about things like death, with this in.
500 storiam write down. The fact that he said frenuitas food was great.
Also, the letters are so instruetis. Talking about the person who is already out.
formerly was a living presence, and yet the fuum closes to its fifth year.
Gregorij. Here, too, what I should say, I do not know, so disturbs the vfque here.
auetor in the context of history. X denotes fifteen year head Hildeb.
TI and nine Gunthchramni. The head of XXIII, this was equal.
words: Dubietas Passhe was due to the fact that in the cycle of Victor moon XT.
 4. Paßha6 E ss 2 1 o o s e p h s c a 50 1 1 G E R 1.
Pafeha / RIPFA be $ ed Christians, as Jews, under this, "Lu A.
ma, they should celebrate the solemnities of these things, he added: the Latins, however, the Moon xXIl. E
rat year cycle of Christ Dionyfianus 588 lx Sunday, Easter.
XIX. The border sixteen April 1, Tuesday feptimi. So could the.
celebrated on the Sunday fequenti's cubes xvnI April, Lu.
na fifteenth. However, the celebration of Moon Rev. 1 "is Matt.
April. There is a remarkable passage, since we are often as the incident.
And he that sat on the Sabbath, the celebration of the passover otherwise than in the degree next fequenti to the sun.
and $ fed in O & despise the day comperendinari. The most recent writing.
ptores does not teach us that we will know. Pete, but the cause of those things.
Hippolytus scripfimus to the rule, the next book. Follows: the Earth.
there was a great XT 111 (at. men /% of the fifth, fourth day of the first B.
in the morning, when the light to return after that. Gregory at this year Eccles.
fiasticus starts from April, which is a very ancient custom. For that reason menfis that.
Augustus is given; menfis oétauus, November. Nor is said Matt.
Menfis the first, fifth, but the first, second, third, fifth menfis.
Why, if the custom, by Kai. & Day and the first day of menfem.
mum, fertile and third believe will not be here x 8 Kai. menfis.
ipfas the fifth day of July. that is inept. For while one saith, xvnI.
Κal. Of Augustus, on behalf of the Ides of July? So undoubtedly read ,.
Matt menfis fifth. In fact, I in the year 588, as we have said, there was a cycle of the.
Sunday be. Augustus was just eighteen, on Wednesday, that shall he wants. A.
git: the sun Eclipfi by means of a bore mense in the eighth year, and so has his lumemc.
zminuit, that I scarcely, so far as the horns of the fifth, of the moon, keep it, for thy light.
them. That means oétauo menfe, that is November, and joined the action.
the lights of the & Eclipfis become of her, that this was not possible with tartar of wine ,.
unless the cycle of the moon nine. It turned out igituranno Christ 597 where Fane.
The sun failed XT November, that is, that shall he speaks through an Oetam.
UO menfe. It confuses the year 588, in which no doubt the.
was XVII Augustus was a Wednesday, since the year 597, in which EC.
Lipfis happened on November XV, who also work at the end of the year.
Pope Gregory was the fifth time when it is entering his eighth.
Great. So we see this strange delusion's which follow.
li formal and in other locations. Sigeberht badly this Sunday defectioncm p ,.
contributes to the year 596. Before we know nobody has huiusau twine.
& Tori explained, but do not realize it. Subieetum for the work.
