
While intercalation Greek confuetudinem from 5 to 7 years, 3 O 5.
would embolimaeos and 35 menfes τε rock / 3Muíegis who dies are made 1o 5o.
the former adieétos conftituere fummam annorum7 which he addressed to them, O, that day.
Rum z 6, 5o. Additpræterea to be the usual Greek, IA. A OEG, avu.
gaivooi aj§aywdμ $ μαι ἐς% dioy. & book prolific aa right, you HD 7% v.
Arso in £ άλιμον ἐπεμέαπλεοι ἐγόςίων ἐκκα. Intercalatio place entirely.
defignat the end of both places, namely, down the course of the alternate bienniis. That.
eiufmodi to pass, as they can not alone, because of the abfurditatem to be exploded is made, but of the.
Also like random statement to be passed. First.
500 sigioy àv6xey do not need the third year incuntc intercalare too.
For the Sunday affequcndum course of two years to the Greek defunt days.
ten, and their femiffe so much, but this one did vndeuiginti with the femiffe moreover on the.
ing intervention embolifmi. Why two bienniis progression fu.
praSolis the solid arguments within eight years and 39 years folfti head.
commemorating acquittances will be in the autumn, and in 31 years will come forward.
{Òlftitium is not yet the same as before, but still a long one.
and entrenched. Dcindc put the Greeks faétitaffe, (not to ncgamuspo.
 tuiffè6o ι 1 1 o s e p h i s c a 50 G E R L
".
tuiffe possible) and then they gìoy éwçxçy. If not gay éyexay and therefore not fit A.
fat at all. In fact, of all the intercalatio is made jgày άεκα. But if any.
by way of objection 'tis said of the Greeks: and I am refpondet, you may go nihiladformam.
of the year, but only to the rcligionum pertinuiffe. Why Nemeacus games ,.
Ifthmiacus, Orgia THebans, Dionyf & Aiuaις annotertioTe.
traeteridis celebrated nonautem ipfas specific periods Triete.
rica form conftituebant, but twice iniufte and the legitimate Tetraeteride.
obfèruabantur. Herodotus because it moves so well abfurd.
the form of the year, attributed both to the Greeks, I think; For drag effect on the year.
rum; 54, 36 o dierumputabatur However, with all those mcnfes engagement.
rent 7: axadα, although not all effent τειακονόμ € 9 because íáaigaois.
aîternis interueniebat. Herodotus does not enter whatever confideraret, pu B.
3 54 rcuera annumnon dulled, but 36o days fuiffe. Sedtamen it.
negoantiquitus made it to the form in the vfu fuiffe, praefertim with Ge.
less than accuratiffimus fcriptae testify unto the same thing, ® μὰρ ἐν Σgχαία, in the.
exerted Di gjyav τειακονόμᾶegu% yov, da di iuβολίμες τας άμαὐlόν.
Afterwards fubiicit deftitiffe to be flexible or the form of the truth of the reality from this year, and was by the.
furditatc Inftitut. Tag: èyoufflór Namapud him, is, that the apudHc.
Hērodotum δια τgir8 £ RG6. The survivors fortaffe and many more great things out.
in Greek and that is in praefentia diatribam conieci ,.
I am, however, not more than haetenus or others better fuccurrebant. I ah.
four Leétoribus only that this is a good Prince, it may also be favorable.
dcntibus, and to cxpc *.
They lose P 61.
1 S o e p h i
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
1 5 1 50 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
BOOK SECVN 505 St.
ri nn vM Graecumantiquitus Moon was £.
5 Fe as another season and menfium Defcri.
bearing in Greece, it is not how things Lu.
not possessed of reason is not suited to, but not alone reality.
* Centioreshomines fcripferunt, but not poor.
*? COS store in the same letter retuliffe well.
I think it §â effects than those falfo pen.
\\ 3) Fiffe Tctraeteridum system makes it a no.
% *% - $ difputata next book twice. Besides this.
noftra fate conftat natural anti beginning of the year.
walking nonab Hccatombaeone fed by Gamclione and the dicbusbruma.
Blibi ducifolitum. So long as Athenicnfes Gamelion and loser.
aufpicandis aetibus bodies and the captain had menfem ,.
The election was always magiftratus creating the lime Pofideonis.
cast upon where the y> GX, JuJJT, Jjo out of turn three menfium.
cepariorum arranged so that the effect of days nonfolum year 6 3 O account.
menfes τ: ιακονδημόge, FCD and 362 of them incidentals ôz regga.
λ & σος, which, because of the illudbiduum magiftratus annual abdic.
they were, therefore, Diccbat ajapxot fiuipoq. In addition to them.
The election of the new magiftratus creating habcbantur be.
Xgχαιςεσίαι, it said. And this, indeed, was magiftratus.
Is dedicated to creating 100 days until the year orbit to form Aftronomi II.
lorumtemporumpublicarunt. Tuncprobruma, folftitium: Progamer.
employment, is the beginning of the year, he began to ftatuim Hccatombaeonem of the common people. B.
menfes in quibusfingulis Comitiaterna time at which xveia3 & xx 1000.
aiag they called, on behalf of Tetraetericis, Llinares: for the solid, in alternate years, ca.
Who vfurpari started. That may be clearly understood, fciendum Athens.
two top fenatus fuiffe, altcra, ęgìora% j that erantiudices.
vtplurimum capital and very important, difference.
 "ÁutCmA £? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
ordinary civil and military, and the top responses A.
State. But Areopagites terms with permanent council. Here Sena.
crcabatur may burn every year, once unconditionally and σιςθαλ & σα, ήμί.
ing, poftca admiffo lunar year, in the final days or four.
Lunar if this cli among those four who are above the 35o. Decant.
