
day, on which vfus in profaning of the temple is in the vafis. Quod si boy so out of the.
rat why the xaxoí $ {Aw interfeetor does not see. In fact, of which.
childhood behavior reject two adults were faepiùs to a good way through.
collaterals. Nor were the caufe is to say, at that age, so why the thought of xaxo% from the $$.
involved. Of the nine menfibus accepting: only after B.
death of his father and nine menfes that gave the command: the name of his father, however, the sonne of.
ruled feu Kingdom administered until the son of puberty.
alliance. For it was because he was a stranger, but a foolish son of a royal family, yet more desirable.
the Son, than for that, he seemed to be due to the kingdom. In that interfeetor deleétus.
Nabonidus confenfu the King of Babylon peers or.
we have 17 rules, according Jerof until Cyrus the kingdom Babyloniæexu.
as well as the region of the ends of the Carmanii of the brain. If Nabonidus fuccessit.
Beltschatzaro, which leaves no doubt happens Nabonidus i.
may give to you when he was given unto Darius the Mede, whom he Beltschatzaro fuccessissè proditumi.
by Daniel. But the nation of Chronologorum hastened to Darius the Medumin.
uafisse Kingdom, and an assistant to Cyrus captured Babylon, just Vic.
And the creator of the kingdom of Cyrus diuifisse. They Yates, who knows, quidRex T
The queen of the in the ear should say, to aid their Dariumcum Cyrus, He is said to have reigned, from.
V1 of the last comma, Daniel, Daniel ifie bloom / the least in.
70arij and 5 / 2b circles of the kingdom / 2. Therefore, say they, and the other was now king in, carry the.
the faith, and the other in Babylon. Astute. In fact, as well as for fiquis read this, Julia.
whether Iurisconfultum of the assignment with the right of refpondisse under the Roman, & under.
Traiano Hifpanos at the same time struggling to cofdem obtained.
civet, and the other in Italy, the other for a Hifpania. I'm embarrassed of these tumors.
Hum nauseating. And no residue that Cambyfen flourished.
Ischomachus uncle year, so it will Xenophon (For it was vu.
I fed represented by Xenophon) with the same Darius the Mede pa D.
brush. They add that nothing is truer than another. If she could never be so.
ïum oil and attention, as in the proverb, but also by the paper.
crēdiderim. Who would ever have handed, Darius the Mede was.
the uncle of Cyrus, contrary to the Iofephus the posts of the fact that Xenophon, who from these.
conjecture addidit5 do not agree with, which in other parts it produces, Jerof fč.
the Sabine, by the people in the kingdom of Nabonidus named Tiberius as to what he writes.
Jerof when those fuissc said Bcltschatzarum and right with the royal family.
  fuccessisse? 500 E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 1000 V 50 1 B. 6. 58t.
Afuccessissc? Now, in order that all, as much as Chronologorum is to say, refipi.
scant, I affirm that the kingdom of Darius the Mcdum inuafisse not by force, so that we will.
they acted beyond the traditional Daniclis is fed by the people in the kingdom.
was called. Who would ever have made this store for killing patients.
besides Daniel? From the Daniclis, therefore, is no more of Chronologorumlibidi.
do not, it is true the pits. If, therefore, Daniel scripfit that Darius apo.
waiving or received by the leaders of the traditional kingdom of Babylon, nofivi.
And possession of weapons that would cause it is not a little care, videan.
tur quialitcr projected. After the massacre Beltschatzari writes Daniel :.
> M> e ap ** Y & Aapöß MjJó dúsd% 6% α RLW "G" J'.Ob.
fecr you whether the word diadéxéX or, if preferred, τλgxJ% χεὸς ,.
Αὰ 7rape ^ H, or, as it has a Greek edition has it, and no power of the armed force, or all damage.
inuafio command? 7raga ^ αέάν τω λόχ'u 'fuccessorio or a legal entity.
To translate the kingdom to come, or populifussragiis.Sic 11 macabre. Cap IV, ταςαλαβόνς.
τω ßaoiXeidv Ayi6x8, namely fuccessorio right. But infessores the kingdom.
Rum what he λαζαλαβόντω straight αςχ'w '? he of whom these of the hand of that.
they can take, which is to force, and rushed in;? unless by chance essraétores and hear.
Ctarios Tagaxaâiù not AGRA% ybona women. Quialiter fentiunt, do not.
Among know what to intérêt confenfus force. What then is one of fent.
Daniel and Darius the Mede people of Baby delivered to the kingdom.
fuscepisse? No wonder so many thousands of interpreters in one word; only slightly.
 ram expounded in detail, so not extraneous to those of the history of the faith, had pronounced her. Of course, Daniel.
c writes DC Darius the Mede, which historiaRomana of NumaPompilio.V.
terquc invitation rule. Acquamuishoc is fated to eorumfen.
the power and weaken the, a place for the second time, however, I bring forth from Daniel ,.
The result will be as if the character and nature fententiam not change them.
Although Faltia stubbornness to his native eomultumlabefaétatam demand to disclose it.
The Prophet then writes the ninth ynjp force ^ y IA vyvin nus Nava.
servaf> '^ ^ r y iipn NVS τςατὰ ἐre A? g6ov% voigov JOJ O & x.
{Ρις MnhxoJ, δεις ρασιλός aiigéz3m 'Ariga * dgxj; 10 & λόαιον. En Ba.
q ^ & akd'eîx3m or a word äßaai J & ^ $ m excludes any Vimar.
Mata. And so, whether they will or, ij, quialiter cenfeo years, and Darius in him, in.
terregnum, that he had slain the Beltschatzari fecutus is to say, the king is created, fiuc.
500 people fussragiis, fiuc peers faétione as aperte Bcrofus writes ,.
Indeed Mcgasthcncs & Jerof created King said. It wants.
ypn word that Daniel semen. Not surprising. For royal blood.
pls, there is nothing left there was a. Why a man and a noble family, namely.
Median Kings stock because of his age and experience of fear.
harsh, so that the Lxii years would merit the kingdom Babylae.
coun reported.