
67 1. much as 1 year and again go back to the head, and that.
B cider year Dionyfiano 3 2 6 7. So Kai. January in the year.
; 2 6 8 will be the start of a new period. Juliana vouched for it.
Julian year gains, and indeed, from the first of January.
For He is, as we have said, to those useless, the beginning of which presents one of the year in the Julian's.
stituunt as the first of January. This incision is so close.
due to the age, each of which beside the cycle of enthusiasm and Indians.
& Ness has the sabbatical year. This year will start.
tifrum next year copiously from the Sabbath, the Jewish year 5 3 57.
beginning. Divide 6 3 O 9 through 7. The two will have a sabbatical year.
tifrum the next. The chronology of how this vtens alone.
, can many of the troubles of a happiest lot to depart, so it is for her efforts in vain against the end of this ,.
He wishes to recall all the portions to the Julian year of 100 fiquidem. Who is this woman.
vfus periods in Tables Prutenicis first book is told.
500 E E P O 100 H A 4 1 100 500 A A A RT IF IC IAL 1 ,.
s 1 v E 500 E P O R T 1000 1: 1 R 1.
A 1 100 500 4 G.
A NN O Iphias 465 exvii first is sunk and three.
tiufdecimus from the death of Alexander the Great, on the new moon of the first menfis EU.
denfis, who was one of Hyperberetaeus to them of Macedonia, he becomes liable ini.
x July, to have a board ncomeniarum Olympics, the first book.
500 no. Blow Audynæi VIII Octobris immediately after xàTe9) μετοπά.
c / Wow. Syromacedonum in favor of Alexander Audynæum in hyper.
beretaeum operations, making its new epoche Calippicæ period will begin.
banefulness. Why on the last day of the year of the Sun the one to whom were overseers of the period.
fuam was ipfum xà agoy μ $ τοτόe / YOV, that is feptimi Octobris, and those matters.
fedes intercalary day every fourth year there was a demand, as well.
Was used by the Jews: who is a period of Calippica, to the times vfque Dio.
cletiani, more or less, vñ are. But when Calippicæ of a new moon by two days.
Veras36 hh: 1 o s e p H1 Sc A 50 G Ι Ε R 1.
\.
the real moon to delay the council Tiberiadenfè, conuocatisA.
the masters of astronomy experts, among whom, as I thinke, Rabbi, Rabbi Adda.
was vfu Calippicæ pcriodi old Alexandria together with the computer.
dri, abolishing all the character of the year, he instituted a new, as of a new moon is not.
at periodic intervals, but half of the motion by means of ipfum Of the Moon, however poor ,.
fue as was demonstrated. Since, then, the day, and there was no place for the day.
intcrcalandi, that is feptimi October, was first imagined.
a day in which the world was created, on the one side of computation of fuum to enter into this path.
surprised. And as the æquinoétij, and therefore Tekuphae autumn there.
In September four, confidcrarunt in many years, the new tifrum.
from the center of Macedonia, which is a 1 v 1 Octobris to the front four.
progress. that it is not unable to detect that the end of the doétrinaB;.
years, Rabbi Adda. VII Octobris then, in September four days ||.
are xm praecifè: compctunt of the year 4i ° 4 Out of them to whom the doctrine of Rab;.
hi Adda, so many years to give Tgoy% EE% (ελωσύς 13 days, |.
one hour. But today, all fæpenumero tifrum is outside this Thee.
Kuphus, as it can be used but, when he is fallen into the final year of the year.
Dionyfiani cycle, the cycle of Jewish XVII. Quarciterum another day.
a calculator is to stand still, they were desirous, to fix the fiquidem Tckupham l.
XIII September, as this is accomplished by night. In the c.
"Christ Dionyfiano 16o4, 5. 2 2. tifrum exit 956, on fexta, cyclo!.
Sunday xvii cycle of the moon IX, who erityII cycliIudaici. A force Octobris 1 ,.
To the thirteenth of September, equal to 23 days. the drive duty cycle, $ u maintains 100.
Ave! "$ 381, the same number that made the cycle time T & O £ gjíáwá ς, 2 3. a. Yo 5 ,.
7 years 2 39. Therefore, if instructed to compute a new seven eight.
Three full year would be the year of Christ popular 16o4 7, 4a new compiiti.
Why Jews to take action contraets beginning of the year.
656, which was Christ 344, 13 hour a day when the Moon was promoted.
In front of V 1 1 Octobris, to the xx 1 1 1 1 September. And so the Church was changed.
He is a cycle. For whereas before it primusannus refpondebat in the thirteenth cycle.
Dionyfiani cycle, but in a new audit refpondet third year.
eiufdem Dionyfiani cycle. But if it was established a year 16o4 no.
servant, a calculator, the first year of his compiiti refponderet ninth Bio.
nyfiano. Computer Institute is the first time that Constantine faecuP.
lo, Rabbi Adda. And so, the right to boast that the Jews in the time of Constantine.
Clement vain hunt for Christians to do and triple celebrating Easter, save.
The Jews have to do allucerent. There was just a iaétatio and how.
Christian negligent but they should. Now as we are lost.
Julian happens do so by 7 diuifa always leave a year.
The sabbatical, although this is not asseétauerimus, so that they, too, you the Jews.
not respecting this calculation leaves which snakes through V11 diuifa!.
 that.
| 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 363.
£.
1.
* * •.
ιι.
ζ ,.
ί.
.
.
%.
!.
%.
ῦ.
T.
A que year of the sabbatical. Since that year, however compiiti 4to 5 in.
cidcbat in the year of Christ 344, from the fact we are able to gather together for the first time.
Julian, the 95 year period of the year belong; , Cyclo early Sunday ,.
Munday third.