
The rest of the year will be 329 years from Christ Dionyfianis implementation.
sa x 1 year birthday of the City of Constantinople May. Be propofitum.
The year of 1558. The method for year 12 29 constant.
nopolis at the beginning of the 11. May. Only 12 28 Onufrius said.
f.
YV DE31o 4 1 1 e p h o s s c a c e 1 50 R 1.
The CES 500 e v o N ST 100 A NT 1 N 1, N the A and A.
The IMO consisting of R E P 1 1 1 50 1 vs f i
Sunday. Calendar, fiuc Je9 ^ $% OV Ecclefias constant.
nopolitani alongside the Rev. May set his tov d} {σν μεχα.
Άω ρασιλέων, έ ίαστοςέλαν Køçãoiive & E ^ án. Sufficiently long to.
Acts repaired the bus that was being communicated between those two. Therefore.
May 21, dies of them, if anything, ritual CONSTANTINOP.
from the region of less than xx litano.Sed on one day the jar, that is, the Mai, Kalendarii AN.
tiocheni thus read:> αῖσιcl: o ial 1a> gioa so MOUAT ^ *.
that is, ko}% ^ ατύe SSAAT ίως δικαιε, ἐ ἐ Exáης μήτεὸς αυτΚNon MA.
GIS is clear to me, why do you tell me one less to say, than the people of Antioch Græ.
ci, fail to see why, tell anteuertunt the death of the one of Constantinople.
his. There are, xxi, xxii, but died on the first day, the cycle Sunday.
fourteenth, the feast of Pentecost the cycle of the moon XV, I'm 37- year 3.
perauit the age of solids xx 1 x menfes seven days xxv111 from the.
d. VIII Kal. October. Constance stands out here is the beginning of the empire.
tiv his sonnes, as the only one who had gained possession of the brethren is a dead fuperstes.
The fupplemento Chronicle Eufebiani Jerome writes: 7ri.
cennalibus Constantine, Dalmatius Cefat called. Then a year later.
His death stamps. Quomodopotuit Tricennalia to celebrate this year or last.
thee to death, who have died in the spring of that time of the year, in which the characteristics are proper.
whether trentals her they were killed? On the other hand the years of vndecimi of Constantine.
tiV said Jerome notes there was a solar eclipse. She had.
the year 347, October 2 O, Tuesday, cyclo Sunday xx cycle.
Munday fextus, Iulianae 5o6o year period, Zygon chapter is.
5. 1. charaeter 47, September great. Jewish year 41o8, tifrum vi.
agaphseij. Marchefvvan fequens 4. 8. 98, Oétobr.xx i. & Tranflationc.
In XXI 1 was political because tifrum the xXIl Septemb.tranflatus. Is.
no NABONASSAR io95, Tybis XXV. Serse Martyrs 64, Paophixxiii.
If it is the year of Christ 347 vndecimus Constantij, then the start.
3 Constantij 37 years, from Luke May, as previously set forth. Out.
 H. s t o r 1A Ecclefiastica produced Constantine, who died during the day.
This Eclipfi proved to be false writes Cedrenus, in X con D.
stantij to defer making and Sunday, aa / day, 7, June fexta. For though.
day of the conjunction of the luminaries, it was, however, neither of the breadth of the Moon.
ris the anomaly, nor Eclipfis those things, of which we have already spoken of smoke, that pa.
by this soul, by the violence of June in the year 346, when, to the twenty of October of the year; 47, each.
Only desirable fyzygiæ XVI. Enter the time of the anomaly width.
There is ecliptic is wonderful, however, men who speak it.
known to have happened eadem say, »was the union between of the luminaries. Also, Lon.
B.
giusD E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 BV 51r.
Agius and wanders away from the truth of Marian us Scotus, who, with this example of defection.
the Bears. d. xvi 11 Kalcnd. Ianuarij. I tell conjunction bodies.
he was not able to happen, except in the year of Christ; 5 of the cycle of the moon is 1 x: where they are.
defeetio was zero. That happened to this defeetio Sunday eleventh year Corr.
stantij as straight stamps Jerome. Consult on huncannum.
Socrates compares lib.II.cap. xx for Silver and Eufebius After ,.
fequente year, Confuli attend Philippe and Salia, year 5 48.
To those of Philip Imp.annos solids hundred thousand sports in.
intéresse writes Anr. Viet Andrew Schott, in Philip. Ludimila.
lenarij Philip and Philip's year 248. Confulatus salt or.
48, No. 3, arguing in a hundred years or abdomen. Why c o s s. Philip, Sec.
ESales entered the City Varroaianus millefimus centefimus first birthday.
from a. d. xi kalend. May the year of Christ 348, contributes in an Onufrius.
1 whether the loo that the backbone fcquitur Palilia Cato. Pliny.
Elder at the beginning XX. Confòlatu of confantij million.
Three times in the Iuliami Britamniis, & c., below: £ same time, the eastern miter.
And a charge bus fàbtextum mist movement obßura,? A daybreak.
rising, V / that in the South, intermicabant tie the barb. Look left.
it. This is the argument of a pair Confuli Confulatu of.
pi and salt inclufiue, this is a 348 year. So whether it was.
mis Christ 6 a. At the end of the year defeetio Sunday with great doubt.
steps, Matt August 1, morning: Parthenon 7 years has created things.
O9 stream 43, whose Zygon 5. 19. 38, XX 1 1 1 Septemb.fecunda of Elul.
4 1 2 O Jewish year, Elul which charaeter 1. 4. 117, Matt August 1 ,.
Sunday 5 V moon cycle six. NABONASSAR in 11o8, Chpiac 1. year.
5 year. 281. Æræ varying Martyrs 76, irayoμέγω flue NI S 1.
Thursday. For the fact that Jerome, in a Supplement, Chronici Eufe.
biani writes occurred in the first Olympiad 282, semen vitiofæ.
he eyes of an alien, that Julianus held the lustrum which fumebatur for the Olympiad. Therefore.
