 \ °] g.
P A R vs. 500 | 1 1 1 Ti; E J • J) \ l J} * | i R3.


 .

l EPvs | 1 1 1 1 | iasjl <) 3 \ y \ e.Jysj>. 3.
s R E P E N S | force | i.o. | 20 "/ 5 <" N "jc.
A 500 V in a a co \ *.
, ■ ''. ■ * * *. :::.
 * • • '.
E Qyvs V 1 1 | lamodo J J ° C] c ~] t}.
-.
Oh you want to 8.
If 1001 A.
 i.
G A 50 51 N A.
Dog ;.
; ". . . ? '. .
P o c o s e p h v S.1 O 2 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
Gauifi so that the smoke had read this Dodecaeteride A.
Cenforinum, the Pole Venetian and others through all conueniredescri.
ptioni Ignatij patriarch. , But not the poff contain myself, would only ask for.
In my wild fufpicion half of this year Chaldaicis & So.
decaeteride. I think the ancient Babylonians first year.
, Calippicæ fuæperiodiâ his first Dodecaeteridisincepiffe, and, save.
I do not lack conjecture, therefore diftuliffe of computation of fuum in fecun.
periods of the year, as long as the Syrians, because it seems that one year has periods of fecun.
climbed, the first fuiffe Dodecaeteridos. Nor do I doubt, but that that truth is made. Yes.
The year of Christ 1581, which was 189 2 men, 1 1 89 Babylon was.
do not fextus, but fept of that period. Etnoli uncertainty dehacre.Nam.
It is perfectly certain no other epoch of the Chaldeans, in the Thematibusgenethliacis B.
vfos years as Syromacedonica which speak fumes. And ropes.
Test feptimi Dodccacteridos incepiffe year to be in the midst afine.
Chrifti 1581, Ignatius was next to me scripfiffe eodemanno, restitution.
quamfextus to finemdecurriffet.
E P E R O 500 1 500 5 500 AE O O 1 A 5 M.
: '? Al DEAD 500 R E A.
1 c 1 is impossible, as to each velitentur old Magiftri.
* Hebrew when he arrived at the place of Exodus 12 :.
* 7 menfis Here you will start menfe. Is a man of these, C.
many die in the place of scripferunt (there are an infinite number) or who does not.
Jam to carry out the ancient Hebrews in difputandi. All.
confenfusvnus, Lunaria with fuiffe. And Fane they are correct. but wonderful.
diffenfio into the new dcterminandis with alijexobferuatione, alijex.
writing that call nxvn investigator, a folitis accord. And again, whether you.
Xae E. 4iae?, Or Xai * cwöga, inftitucrentur, are involved. In this.
"Beliefs, splits, who will intensify finger? Confugicndum to five.
| Tuftiora the nation moriumcnta. The Pandeéte digeftus Thal.
jmudicorum by the head Dew haschana completely written, it is ancient.
motion neomcnias% AI * 44o to the information folitis, and for that reason teftcs.
suitable for the Lieutenants of his sent an executioner, and his crimes, of vice, pure, undefiled, it is not Decimus
ebriofos, it is not Alcón, teacher of us all & Urnoi præmiatores: out of which the palace.
jnarum strike and a long diatribe inftituunt. Therefore reuerfirenun.
íciarent miracle vidiffe Moon is being produced, then the court fucclamabatur.
JuJJ ?? Vpp, is hallowed, sanctified to the moon. Subaudiens.
While the men, and therefore even today the rituals of the Jewish people.
$ Exists carmCn Monday Vitae fànétificandae. Moon ViFa Arabs.
ivocant JJ ​​», Halil: by which He wishes all Mahumcdani ncomcnias Inftit.
"- ** - • • • • ... ._ i. . - - - elect ,,.
£. '. ; : ^..
. • Succeeding 500 N 500 E A T T E R V p o 1000 1000 51 B 2. 1 O 3.
A chief a no Xai dares to voice N * »or J» est i £ ayagus. 8 \ • * =.
© than migrate. They also τ'ιω φαν υ! J reported Monday Vifione ,.
(He speaks Vitruuius) immediately, the moon, the noise imposed.
Since then, obferuationem neomeniainftituebatur, proptereanon m.
ro happened to them, so that the two mcnfes nunccaui, nuncfolidi, circle of investment was, on behalf of.
a 4% ancestry or ἐ ἐάσεως ἐφέσεως should not undeservedly account.
this diet is done from the Moon Rypa yE rainsa anomalian ye. R & Rs.
μόύφλάτοργή, τότε δ άσφαγετα. This is a place for habuiffè verifimile.
In vetuftiffimis Hebrew, which still account movements and resources Lu.
his nose was unknown. For they could not, except by the obferuationem, be less true neo.
mcnias to the common public. But the more I think that the jury ipfos.
B than in the obtinuiffe and Petir ecclefiaftica than the pole.
ticas moons fuiffe. Anyway, how many thousands of Jews only.
tislocoruminteruallis diffita, in the valleys, depreffis, in the places like North.
possessed, in which the moon rarely nascent human eye poteftatem.
fpeciei a fuse for the intercession of the clouds and the Moon gives birth.
motion, nor a messenger from Judea exfpeétare potuiffet? Oportetigitur.
by them that something præscripfiffe, that fequerentur on the new moon ftatuenda ,.
with its birth, the Moon was to see or tempeftates, or the familiar things turned out well.
whether the tough way. Therefore, we conclude that, by far the antetempo them.
m downstream of the books Meffias defignatam form habuiffe: so today.
equal to Jews alone, but also to the Samaritans, which called for both nav.
100 can, that is, aussi ^ ισμόν.Qui comes vtSamaritani, Quiabo plufquam here.
have nothing in common with the Jews to either gods or twice a thousand years, "nor for the human.
mihabent, habeanttamen the same as the name of who is a Hebrew, quoeandemrem.
pay close attention to: Of course, this would not be done, unless the matter vetuftiffima effet. it may instead.
pric is aussimus ^ ισμός. But, as I said in the account books of the year and the fourth and rcda writing.
sin, she is called in this way by either nation. To remedy the credit ,.
Roach in the same haschana extant in the courtroom when.
