
τ ο 50 O N A T E C O N T R A s e c t a 1000 P A s c 1 1 1 50 1. An e r A.
c c exxxv 1 1 1: It was the year of Christ c c c ConfulatuFl.Man.
fifty Theodore, there are Flauio, Stilika Aurelian, & c o s s.ta.
Mett these c o s s. The moral has not stated the same thing. The Æra Hifpanica fic.
Julian Pomerius The Toledo against the Jews lib. 1, 1.1a C.
Refiduo animorum of the number of times matiuitatù Chrissi, V / and.
In comparison with / being available to everyone 6 / 3ire, P wants, and 5 fùpputare. / ,.
Please Taking foilicet ammus which bears fruit was from IP / Lord acute.
mation. The era was devised before the age of thirty 1 1 1 than Christi.
MA / completion. * Region of applause is now twenty 500 1 1 1 1. Detraéis.
So XXXY 1 1 1 ammus from the Æra opportunity comes, vfque to matiuitatem.
Chrifli, refiduum equal to 500 c Lxxxv 1 anmi. The vcterum stocks Hifp.
tual recurring atmosphere involved, in which no air, Fed.
Era is written, for example, in the field Hifpalcnfi: Paula lady Famu.
la Christ lived animos xx 1 1 1 1, AMenßs two. I'm fifteen withdrawal May 1 D.
Κal. February. Eighty E L A 500 1 1 Eborcnfi in the field, Julian, Pa.
The mule Christ Epißopus £ cclefie Eborenfis H. fro $ Aest. For years, he lived "more.
•% / m. Seventies. Rec. Sarah K AL 500 e c e r A. B. c 1 500 111. In these field.
fpalenfi: • 24acarius Servant of God lived caemnos li 1. recessions in Peace.
On x K E R N A L 1 A 500 A. l v 1 1 1. In the same region, caelexandria important.
• fima woman lived three years or <3rinus XXV. recessions May 7) ecimis.
A Nv × AL, AR 1 1 A s. E RA 500, 111. This is the oldest, so what.
plunging into tartar Sidonij Apollinaris. In all these.
.
 "Never; 1) E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. v. 44 ;.
ί, Anunquam the atmosphere that I was fed Region recorded. Sepulueda Cordubenfis.
in the little book, the amendment of which, man of the year published, he said, vitiofe interpun.
And then £ R A and E to A. R. A. says that it is: A N V S E R A T Av.
1. T CV's wonderful to be imposed current among a person thereafter.
Hifpan, with a number of the monument of the extent in Hifpania, in which hu.
the right to an image memory of the thing is to say, one should not even seen the boy. Among them as gods.
described before, never AR A radiation e r a written. . But let the oh.
ere is set to £ RA who ever reads default finger.
as by a short of the writing of A in the hearth of an ancient, or in the old monimen.
tie unless preceded by the word of life? Moreover, why the two letters E R A T ,.
do not fingulari E, and that the Year of the diagram is called? In short, that neither of the two to AA.
B fingulariis different from N vs. V G V S T A second means 1 in Tri.
Only the bus verbulis? Comical, comical, and the exercises are greater.
"However wise, so they decided to comment fuum, so that the real thing.
"Purposes, only the writing of his book, The Clinical improvement of the year.
bisse seen. Then, when all is said e r a c £ S AR: 1, whereby c e.
* A A A 1 's V G V S T 1 rather than to C £ 1 = A R's Diétatoris? He knows.
) Is the vfum gained as E L A, should they really be so.
| the script is as RA, which means that the number of its name. Good luck ,.
Reienfis, the Bishop, to the fruitful Prouence Narbonenfis, the intimate friend Sido,.
| Nij Apollmaris, he first wrote about the Holy Spirit, sacred number.
"We say that because the three im« ra / jiue fœpputatione / F & C cross fires.
c RA 1000 says that the computation, the flue account. Red soon.
Tv. c. Achievements in Breuiario Po.Ro. Appear willing guides, quip.
, | without the means of a faculty of a wider range of expression that is to whom? e: and principles of our fecutus of drafts and ,.
 those who give expression to a shorter, ingentesfàmmas on the altars, the matter is gestassignabo, it is not.
each. £ R A s fummas said. Ifidorus of the Canons of the Euangelicis.
Greek Eufebij Cæfarienfis radiation A. R A s the Greek writing.
on begging from / IU and ς. Per / her throat Euangelistas amount chapter honeycomb.
xed present the numbers fìbdita am certain that mimics motata ,.
which indicates, in the quotient, the Canon of the pofitus is made mumera, to whom is the altar of the fubiecb :.
For example: $ I am the first, the first canon, Sec. The former Bre.
uiarió Code Theodofiani Emperor Theodoßus e r a xx 1 1. Vo.
500 cat age thereof titulorum number. Hilderich a French Ifidoro.
Destroy days the numbers of days. Therefore brass, fine, so vitiofe.
written e r a is the number calculator, \ y yo uός%. What is the name.
{Inficetum world to the education and finds the female μετάλλα.
q &%: from the town of Ostia, just as in the Old Testament, the Latin language.
Ostia And Ecclefia Roman Æthera plural ether. a.
which Epitaphio Pr. The writing was voted AE T H R A. • w.
Dileäae lap taken im Athra integrity, and acre by acre, lucky :.
P o s e p h Z at € r4448 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
The air temperature fameant to you, the times of the peace. A.
Thus, he says, for epacts idiotifmus épacte, although they rest upon a single fint the majority of ,.
The air, I say, they call it, is an old flame on the server the atmosphere, the Lucillius :.
This is the reason peruorfâ: Ara / Umma / abduéta villain.
The chief is calling for the air, which in two brass Rufus, v. c. Or otherwise, in Cicero.
Hortenfio What do you say, / smell, while taking into account the divergence / atore accident.
