
χόμ $ μ® indicate thirty years begin. Where the subject ?.
Græcifmus who suffers? άγὸ ἀςχομα τεμακο% ἐγ for dgxo.
     μαι £ 500 N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 549.
Ágæ, £ τεαχος ἐ ἐςις. 1) 0% £££ whole year and if agidxoy tricefimo first.
no. However, the absolute tricefimo once said αρχεάς ό τειακον.
ά ἐγ. They do not understand the unity by in silence, that omif.
sum is to say, to prevent repetition of the words. If dgxdg $ © p, that is, figx <(3. Quodne equal to one.
give deny. Therefore, hæcfunt fiitaconcepta the same way as they had been: jg.
žæ IWG; Io 7: rock? II, and; éyoμίζ6, ijos loa. Since veroin.
Fusus to repeat, Gy, it was, and the other is of its execution. Who knows, spring.
the word of dig2a6X, and those in the opposite τωεός with the participiisconstrui? Yes.
Few who aduertcrunt lu 'y @ $ dezóp be hgzé and fubaudiri Gy: save.
Oh fequenti adfumatur examples itafit: έαυτός Ino & iigxg ἐγτειακοχ% * o, r} s ,.
& Éyoμί%, I20 (0. The Fane most est.Nam ° apχόμέρ @ seysine.
@ Btest for himself are fine, as is allowed, by all who knew Greek. But the Syrian.
paraphraser - • ^> / UA, ~ / 1 1ogi oio l \ OA. <=? 'Ooi.
£ InGaAs sharing Aselmod? & Ό τςιακοχα. Will be lacking a little in tricefimo county.
plendo. Whether, then, for nearly thirty years to say, fine thirty.
absolute terms, it amounts to epilogifmus age of Christ ,.
This means that Christ XXV 1 1 1 year old Aetium him. However.
However, be very careful otherwise you might think, than to know Christ and thirty-year-old was born.
fuifïè, and then it Tricefimo first place, these iniuisse, when he came near to the pa.
ptifmum, as we have just demonstrated. From which it is deduced, or not following them.
Jem & the birth of Christ when He was baptized the day menfis, or most closely. It is not.
For thirty years after that is when immersed, except the same.
Even at 100 years old, which is baptized. From this one, too.
the memory of her birthday, so some of the ancients, which he baptifmi the same.
a day to celebrate, the vndecima Tybis Actiacis, which is the force of January.
Julian, for example, have Clementcm and the coapud Epiphanium.Scd force.
deabsurditatem. For years, virtually tametfi Dionyfius vndeviginti.
the Jutes a boy born to baptifmum to approach when he wants, there likes it or not, one of the.
in older years will be calculated Christ, as we have pointed out.
du & is 9 years solid, from the Julian to 74 years currcnte Epiphany.
Christ is again immersed eleventh cycle of the moon. Ergofiannis.
Christ added to the method of unity cycle of orange, Christ will begin.
but only the year of the vndevicefimum. Why is it vtrobiquemi.
Dra dλογεῖα ,. Although the error Dionyfij strongly confutaueri.
the mouse, however, will not be wanting to us, who are obtreétaturi most desirable to those who a pen at the bottom of fo.
distrain deductions. But as we know them vitiligatorum Oh.
the territories. From the birth of Christ, to lessen it.
Herod year there are two absolute might also be collected together videan straight.
tur quitotidem year period that lay out with Euan.
Eli £ e αὐδλ • Raj% CA zrjdag 6%. % ^ & BráÀäμ έ ά τά jgòtç.
aJi, Xai O «xóìáíága% x% tov xgòyoy, δι κςίζωας ἀ τγ μαγω.
 From this, 55o 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R i.
From that, say, pick the arms of Christ, fiquidem hi A.
mules alive, all be put to death. Therefore *% τόν ἐσιον, δι ήxeißøσεἀ ἀ.
μαγων. Previously said καλάσας τά μαχοις χ € ίρωσε τως αωύ τῶν 333.
φαμούe dgäg916 joy%. He began to seem that the star birth of Christ ,.
And then the solid already been filled. The Fane doubt, and it.
bitandi cases equal to men, ποσόύ ό τεχ3 € ¢ gaaiX & I} Ied amount, 5 Indians.
can not as well as the newly born. Deindc that opów $ αυ $ to, 25iga & τῆ συα.
roXij, Sec. Also, € d $ 6 to 8 p, ov èìòoy é »τῆ συα% λίί, τςοηγει αὐτυς. If.
once that is born, the Vita is a star, and that vifa the journeyings house.
Mages have established that they Fane, it is the fate of Xai% *% do not.
biennij stabilize the period from Christmas to infanticide.
But in reality, it is entirely without knowing it had a Christmas ,.
OLD boys not only killed, but also below two years of age also.
the day of birth. For? κατωτόg® undoubtedly showed Iefus δετ%.
I was fed xglorígo%% * ​​j ;. He who eats it and including the interval define it.
two years have Macrobium, which pave the way for fententiarum fuse. So.
For the facts about Augustus: And when they heard, among the boys to be in the $ yria JHerodes.
Χex of the Jews within the two years in length be put to death, the son of his, too, oc.
ci / am saying, it is better to be a pig Herodia than a son. But am.
nino'tam false is the son of Herod Antipater of those children.
Caefarum than ipfum Antipatrum OLD existed, except perhaps by men.
end for twenty years or more arms of vocaueris. Neither.
Iofephus shrouded be suppressed if the same time quocædes, or c.
tipatri, contigisscnt. It is, however, that the order of his father, Antipater interfeetor.
town of Bethlehem, which is in the days before his death, however, to its patris.Magi.
Iefus adored child. Quod si in the town of Beth-lehem, we lived within the.
purification. For Iofephus, and Mary arrived there, so when.
the names of the children of the census roll, also to the Greeks of the fourth part fuae. In the meantime, she lay on.
it partitudo components, such as diuerforio foal. But now, as he hath commanded us a law ,.
