4469, November eighteen on the first day, cyclo Sunday xvii.anno world.
di 37 O 6, scorpions xx 3. Zygon September 33, 5. 17. Matt ,.
For bifèxtum. 3 years 517 Jewish Cafleu v 1, and three of which are highly prized.
3. 5. 4 2 1, November XIII. The same procedure in Alexandria after the first period.
mæ 68. Also in the same year Maemaéterione x fruitful Calip.
Pica. According to this half of the motion on the new moon Zygon been born.
on September 29. That is ridiculous. In Nabonassari 500 x 1 1.
Θά) 3, Chaldæorumautcm 75, AIA i) medius sun was 5. 1 Oh.
Scorpij.D E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 4 BV; :.
AScorpij year 4477 pcriodi Julian, October XXIX, Thursday ,.
Sunday cycle XXV World in 3714, Scorpions 111 Zygon. 1. 16.
7, Matt Septcmbris 1 1, for example supra, because of leap, he had to.
Matt 1 1 1 in the common year. But it has been rich in Ptolemy, the Zygon.
Moon was at Kai. October. In the general sense. that is conferta.
tance error is next indicated. In the Jewish; 5 2 5 Sep.
chefvvan XIII. the charaeter 6. 5. 375. October. 1. So even fifteen.
76 in the first period Alexandrcae also be fruitful eighteen orders.
Calippicg gods »Ila * J®® 'tiragtn a déxz. Chaldaicus the ihenfis.
Calippico affinity with water, and the Jewish people as old as modern world.
At last year Nabonassari exix, TV £ i3, the king lxxxu ,.
} 23V $ Ura, a sun in the middle, 6, 1o 'Fish 448 5 stages of Julian ,.
Id. March, Wednesday, Sunday v cycle. 37 2 1 world Ichthyonos.
8. Zygon.3.8. 52 ', September XXII. But it has been rich in Ptolemee.
Zygon was on 27 September, in general, who for eight years.
previously, have been common in the Kai. Octobris. Seems clear.
άπίω. In the Jewish z 353, twin seventh month. three of which are highly prized and 5 :.
11, 178, February xxiiiit on the Sunday. The same also for twenty years be.
cundæ Calippicae period. For it was the E ^ αφάολιδό δέρμη, Wherefore didst thou.
correction ing book that we have ongoing, the head of the year Sept.
Daicus. In fact, we wanted to this place in vain, the Council's. ESTEN ER.
Taylor, in Codice Ptolemœi zawów & E prozt. Could be easily trespasses E ,.
Z wasted no doubt he was purified. .
50 E P T O O ON start of 1000 AEI Philadelphia.
E ** 1 5 A. E L A C AE 50 E St. .
4. ".
 Q v v c 1 1 500 historic former Ptolemeans and kings Sy.
a hymn to scripferunt, that conjecture, rather, a kind of,, which the ^ neg4o.
£ him as the pope's vfurpem, fecerunt.PtolemæoLa.
GI is the first inuafit Egypt, and the first in the control amplif.
| its dung, he created, and their descendants, the gift Ptolemæorum the surname of the inheritance.
Drium with the government and, for forty years, attribute it Fane, fiquidem.
Alexander's rule began immediately after death. If, however, from the death of Alexander.
discretion given interval battles and war are things.
him among the princes of the host of the Macedonian interceded in order, not come about suddenly.
have usurped the things will be seen to the commandment of the death of Alexander, falter, as the mention of.
so that that country be accounted worthy to be seen. Even Seleucus Nicator occurred CRC.
diderit, if anything, Eufebio and other old quix 2 annopost.
Alexander's death, this is the first year Syromacedonum Alexandria.
Q drco4 o e p h o s 34 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
dreo government started writing. However, Ptolemy Philadelphus the starting point A.
We agreed on the observations Dionyfij Mathematicians year against.
Nassar, 46; runner periods of Julian 29. From 44 starts this year.
partakers of the heavenly Philadelphus the Dionyfianus with the Parapegmata, in the Egyptian, who.
Himself Dionyfius the bus a manner: it appears to be so much as is the heavenly, it is not.
Even a politician, except Iefus see Sirach, it was a vfum.
Foreword: EA $ τά άγόδα ἀ ττισκοπὸ ἐτά άi Evsgyáv SSAAT ^ ίως έα.
• γη $ € ¢ ti; Aíyvfioy, κ ἐπ 'ἀλίγον χάόον αυχχέογίσας and go, & μικ € ¢¢ ztou.
d'eiag ἐφύδον, Sec. Only 1 Eaergetes twenty years ruled. Where.
Olave can then be sold to Egypt to its writing.
The wise man, a Hebrew man? All these years from the start of catch ,.
How to Eaergetes. But how, except from Philadelphia? And by whom B.
years, except by those who sign a parapegmata? It is not to be doubted.
therefore, that angles of the year of Philadelphus the Dionyfiani. So writing it.
Iefus MD fifth year 111, and in Philadelphia last to first.
Now Euergetis, oh, 53 years Iphis. Why this Eufebius Au.
by crawling, does not die, who come from the region of the of the year of the first Olympias, who had 1 37, id.
it is 545 years Iphias writes: Jews' Pope name.
Simon, is considered the Fab Iefus ben Sirach the book of wisdom.
organizing the call Pamaretom, even $ imonis it does memtio.
cit. fifteen years, this year there are 38 Philadelphia Dionyfiano back.
Besides why the sub Simon, Simon, scroll Fuuga conscripfisse ,.
that motive have a single act, that, on his or remembers them? An all equal |.
the smoke, of which in our books and we bear in mind? What if yourfcif Iefus il |.
Simon's son remembers, like that long before demand FAILS? Law.
L. head to listen to his book. You will see that he can distinguish between those who have it.
so many years, first before the, you might let him not see potucrit. But perhaps.
Halftime fifth year of Jubilee vicefimi understood that fell in.
