
which is full of lights, that is as the plcnilunio, a battle was fought that day, because of that.
the fight of the year, was the sea fight at Salamis. Derive 7 6, can serve as ,.
Iphias about 298 years, remains the third periods of the year 7o Olympics.
Abieétis the constant method of 38, retains the year through 3 orders.
Atticus, whose Munychion 16 April. who, on account of which it is vi.
have concentrated on Tetraeteridis, as a rule of the moon, is, that out of the bricks of the new moons.
Lunar perfpici can serve. Ijar to match the new Jewish 3 2 8.
4. 5. 8. 1 x 500 charaeter the tenth feptimi April. The first of January.
May full moon, the first of which fell sixteen Munychion ,.
See how neatly this refpondet method. Plutarchi the DC.
the reality: τγ δ £ XIII) Kai d'EXA Mayv% © A £ IU) xa3iigawdo, a I%.
EX ^ yoi Zia> A αμύα ιικάσιν ἐπάλαμύω, 3a6. This autemtempus Eh.
Febi reality and contributes to a productive year Olympiad 5. 7.
if not done wisely, or its figure all the Chronologi tacuiffent, yet learn from me.
thodo that Diuinaru poterat, But what is Diodorus the fcribit Meto.
  nemob46 1 O S P H E 1 S C A G E R 50 1 1.
.
obfèruaffe nouilunia end of the first fuiHecatombaeonis enneadecaete A.
potion owjo4o2% q itra d \ £ ka fourth varying Olympiad 86 ,.
fcito, as it will be shown in place of fuo, the book of the ongoing, Metoncm nouilunia.
anticipaffè. No one has axjjo4oe / w% to nouilunia can serve in.
... 10 2 1 now that the small moons Cognofco Lunar attic.
Rum. Sedinx V or X 1 1 1 1 Scirrophorionis can serve nouilunia county.
sent. Olympias the fourth year, 86 of the 344 Iphitus, and instead.
and 4o periods fifth Olympics. Derive 38, remains year.
fertile periods Atticæ. Scirrhophorion 1 1 1 July. From Jewish.
July 1 was a fortnight. But, on the new moon of the first Hecatombaeon metonic.
the x v. And so, one day, the anticipated. In all, therefore, surprisingly conftat.
method which ftudiofi Leétorcs among many other examples of peril B.
poffunt met. But let him beware, not to impose them, Plutarch, who, as in other places.
we have said, it is not uncommon in such a subject is a delusion. In one example, intentionally.
Reader can serve it gets done. Full Moon ecliptic, or what has happened.
no Iphias 446 Darius at Gaugamela nearly Plutarch with.
Bears μυςnei2y time this cli as yourfcif alibiinterpretatur EK τω είκα.
J & §ßono} ομιώ. Abieétis76 all men out of 446, it remains as a year of 66.
sixth of the period of the Olympics. Derive 38, retains 28 periodiAt year.
ticæ.Boedromion Kai. Octobris. Metagitnionem Kai. September. In cu.
vicefimum right, fequente vicefimum the first full moon that falls on it.
Therefore it τῆ ἀκαὐ ßonogopu%, or μωςnejo that wants to Plutarch, but τὰ.
Exod) £% yeTwów © 1000 eclipse occurred. Plutarchus it has.
hebat in the mind of BoedromionemIulianum, when he had so fcriberet. It is not.
For that rarely disappoints menfes Iulianoscumantiquis transients, such as whether.
no Actiaco oftendemus. Thus they have been the fate of de period of the Attic. Su.
pereft that the reason why the fourth Boedromion You.
traeteridis Atticæ ἐαβεσμαῖον we did to him, and he only has been rich, or three times.
components. Of course, if nothing else, the system ipfas teaches in the final year on average.
making every possible way. But, and this excmplis confirmed. Phi.
tarchos Plataeenfem fighting the good contigiffe} ομόθ i5ap $ e.
τεττασ): same comrades are fighting for fcribit q% iiM good oh.
μόθίπαράμε contigiffe. The year was fruitful Olympiad 7 5, tcfte.
Eufebio; as a result feptuagefimus the quarter of the period of the Olympic games,; .
Atticus. Therefore, he is fallen into the Boedromion about four years.
Tctraeteridis Atticæ. The third calls for Plutarch how.
before the fourth Boedromion, it is not cft no doubt, why Boedro.
Mion has been άαιςεσιμαῖος fourth.
Ded E 1000 E 1000 E N T E P O R T A 500 V 1000 1H 1 B. I. 42.
A 500 E P E R 1 500 O O O N 1 100 500 1000 A 100 E A.
AE S T 1 5 A.
Mn E's cities of Greece Olympiadic period from the beginning.
Oiii, there are religious cauffa changing context of other, more.
the beginning, the other with the other cities of the menfibus of the year, which æftiuis ,.
aliæab another year quamaprimo Tetraeteridis, starting fumcrent.Ideo.
they did so with diuerfa ciuitatesidem menfis fame ajcigχες ήμâ € ¢¢.
fiuc ùzrog £ o} λάτοις retained. About this varied inItiJ receiving the license.
Aristidis so fcribit by Plutarch in the near lafciuia: τω σεύμέςόαὐ.
uaXj3o ayuz & $% y ότε and rushed hnxe / £ from £ ρων γὰ ἀsg9λογία μάλλο / ,.
3 α'λλοι ἄλλω τω μιωός Σgχω έ τελέωτω ἀγεσιν. Athcnienfesa day.
aeftiuis all from the beginning to the bus. but their menfes with the Elidenfium.
menfibus rarely suitable or even moon menfium be.
riodicorum suited to the extent Athcnienfium Tetracteris incident.
picbat the third year Olympiadic Tetracteridis. It never con.
uenient. Since the first menfis vniufcuiufquc Tctraeteridis only protector.
The moon. But nothing changed prifci Macedonia and in situ context.
the period of the Olympics. And, if I, as I say, in one word, it was the Macedonian, eadem.
nicâ the Olympics. This, we are taught in the decree on Athenienfis, quodin.
ratiam Hyrcanuses Jewish Pope emiffum protector. Since.
AEC, which adremfacerefunt ViFa, deprompfimus. EZI âgôl sæc and ipia ;.
§ 100 Aiowa 8 AqxAmidâ out, ulw6, AV riuin ditióy%, άτεσσ3m% seq.
