
Auxiliary spell leader seized on sturgeon in the fields Catalaunian.
have fought, and who, by virtue of the Goths faperatus abßeßit. For the ad.
Of the assistants to the event of being informed of the Goths, the Huns, he abandoned the Aureliana.
assault, and, on the Marne river, the camp made a great impression, and has been rich.
was leading his army in the plains of the river of the town, the camp-Marne.
ofuit, to the place, which is Mauriacus it was said: where they are entrusted with the SI.
They bear a remarkable array. Why mistake in the fields freedom.
lofenfibus which Cattalanis is to say that this has happened. For.
And holiday events and nominalocorum resistant. Aliterenimcam.
piCattalani a Cattalanisbarbara nation Teétofagum private places.
mum, then Hifpaniasinfedit, O & tifunt5 otherwise Catalaunian Plains.
from the town parts of Catalonia. That is the error of the boy, and thus a very small business with.
Futa. After a long interval Gregory adds to the bishops of Gaul, of the quibufdam.
Drum & præfertim of Sidon Apollo Augustonemeti Clermont.
Rum Bishop, who was one of those things that at the time of his death fhmmi.
he speaks, we praeiuimus a year ago, which is leaving the investigation.
He said to his neighbor from the day of his death were, that they were the Lord's. But according to Eccles.
fla Augustonemetenfi (Cleremont call) agreed eumdecef.
Matt specific dates of August. Therefore XXIV was Sunday, the Sunday version E
The schedio old Cluniacenfis in quoeratscriptum the funeral ;.
was added to a prolapsed Zenonc power. Undoubtedly, therefore, that.
FSS Context 4 1 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
It happened amNo 48o Christ cycle Sunday XIII. For it is not videturan A.
no 486, cyclo Sunday six. For it removed too much time. The sche.
Do the epitaph is written, that our Pdhoeus grams ,.
a summa and the honesty and learning, we communicated ".
c. s o 50 50 1 1 50 50 1 A P O N A L S T 1 s 1 s 1000 O 500 1 500 1 I O N
* sancto contiguous fàcroque Father ,.
But he lives here in Apollimaris ,.
Renowned titles, powerful man ,.
Chest guard and abroad, the judge ,.
Amundus flowed cresting at rest, causes the moderator / ubinde movement B.
He gave the rage with foreign laws.
Toifeordantibus between the arms of the kingdoms of the.
Peace with / TROY back apron.
However, this inter & Philo / ophando.
scripfit forever / 2clis.
Σt poft such losses thanks.
Pope / £ Dems chair.
AMundanos / appoy'ted pours actions.
gui / Mie here while I pray to God, tears ,.
Pray to right / uperfepulcrum..
Wall% unknown, read the whole C $ €
There Sidonians will be invoked.
XII. Id. Sept.zemone Emperor. John Kal.Sept mentioned when.
Ecclefia Aruerni the first vfque old retains x Kal. Another.
He fiobierit Urn August. This has been the year of the 482 empire.
But, Zeno feptimo. It is not, therefore, be omitted for the demise was worth it.
Moria, præfertim with this notation are continuing feriemtemporum m.
pEriJ France. He died in the Sidonians v. Augustus headquarters ,.
After confulatum to its headquarters, Ft. Bafilio Younger v. c. c o s.annofe.
Secondly Hlodouei, as will be shown later, indiétione third, x Kal.
Sept.Sabbato. The death of Martin, an excess Hlodvvin fruitful p.
he calls Hlodoueum years to think cxn. also the number of those who do not.
marks, but with the concept reveal at Adonem Viennenfis as am.
Far end fufpitio error. Martin, for his death in Christ c ex CV ,.
supra so forth. Therefore Hlodoueus, fine Hldovvin fecun.
dm died in 500 VII. But I think yourfcif in the death of Martin.
c CX cvh Atticus and Cæfarea c o s s. This paetre Hlodoueus objects.
cit nine year 500, this is needed. Intertio Council.
  Amelia.
* • T. D. E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. ό1 5.
!.
A Aurelianenfi, at the end the following: T) ie * Jomarum MEMS, third.
i. Fourth, the yard a younger man most of Con / ale, the year Hilde.
 Berti Matt Paulin 1. This was the fourth time Consult with lustiniano Cow.
fule, indiétione 11 1, and consequently the year DXXXIV, the cycle of the moon.
third. If Matt Hildebert Hlodouei year was the son of the third cycle ,.
King was sixteen eiufdem the first cycle, and so he began to reign.
in reality in the year 5o9, namely that by which his father had died at once. ConcilioAu is again fifth.
relianenfi to read the Council Aurelianenfe about five times.
"Pelagij Pope habit Fab day of February. Nouemb. in XXXVIII.
'King of the Kingdom of HUdeberti, indiction after Con / ilat Pau.
linseed year x 11. Twelve years later Confulatum to twenty Pauline V 1.
B & ti compound ADIC year HUdeberti year xxxvin Hildebert.
So there is no mistake, and Hurdles year dxlv Christ, indiétione IX.
So at the age of regnaf indiétionis notationc.Triginta error.
dicit.Igitur start Hlodvvin be fruitful fiuc Hlodouei or as Re.
migius, Hlodouici falls into the year of Christ 479, and for five.
After the war years, he has lived Vocladenfe; ergoillud memorable.
is fallen into the year of the battle of Christ, 5o4, does not, however, 5o8, Celer &.
Venantio c o s s. as some people have people conjecture that from Cassiodorus. There are Vo.
clade Castle in planes Piétauienfis territorij happened by vrbc P & TA.
