 [I] t + H.
ysoulwia etc., and in agaxd): If she really was one, | 7 | 8 | 5 ON ST.
An *%% α can serve to be called so that you see on the table, from which, £? #:.
nouilunia to issue clear and τ, and the first isagogis m, j d fífíIGIET.
years, ew oyd) O * 45iyo1 © productive and 7ráuii, uετά; £ [§. f.
third, fourth and i £ g iyaJe, and again & A £ «i H *.
¤Ã, and a fifth, so from the beginning. These are the reasons Tetractcridis grae.
Heaven, which Elidenfibus Olympias Phocenfibus Pythias was called..
•. . • •. Q 2 28 1 1 l o s e p h 1 Sc A G E R 1.
A. That nothing of the ancients, indeed, explicarunt.Nam who Olympiademmeram
Lunar conftituunt, fortaffe meet ing with Cenforinus account.
a quarter of a day every fourth year excrefcentcm, quodsi.
They call this inftituto fcribat imani bifèxtum: almoft of the Olympiad ,.
quamex Lunaribus conftare makes the two 'tis said, etiamSolaris.
him. The perfpicue is false. In fact, one will never be alone Olympiad.
Sunday match with the arguments, but rather make two things to iunetae.
Oétaeterida conftituunt. that is now possible. .
O e e T E R T A 500 100 1 500 K.
V 1 The first Tetraeterida inftituit, this is only one FPU.
gtauit that the first line of mcnfisincidcretin verummenfem moon.
a thing, for the sake of the course at Olympia contest, which always took place within the fifteen.
menfis, plenilunio.Sedhocilliad perfeetion lacked nempevt too.
it will coincide with the sun. However, it did not happen within the Tetraeterida seysine.
Teftes, be maintained to the chronicles of the fitduntaxat 1447: in addition we of course menfeem.
bolimo: the chronicles of 1461. The difference is made the day of the Sun's, however, Tetraeteris XIII.
Agree nouilunia in XX March, quandocpaétæ are xi.Poftquartum.
EPA year and may be laid x x v. Nouilunia V 1 March. The difference.
vtriufque nouilunij fourteen days. However, two Tetraeterides adprifti.
For epoch recall them, it is necessary Intercalatione. For if he, as we were already doing.
ftatuim, they have been the first of the year epaétæ, xi, shall be IX ,. nonianni epaétæ
vicefimum which belong to the fruitful March. So embolifmi intervention.
fummouebitur priftino has happened in the year. For abfque embolifmo.
it would end in the ninth month of the year detect x 1 x February; So be.
always full of alternate Tetraeteridibus interea menfem to distinguish the civil matter.
waver, and that the distance between us is Oétaeterida onto. For.
it is, no eiufmodi years Oétacterida the same level.
ftitutam the Cleoftratum that first of all at the same level Oétaete.
Merida when compared to the Moon, Mercury and Callippus & poftea of ​​nine.
Tetraeteridas, which is equal to 7 years 6, with many years of Lu.
the nose, the twenty-eight of whom were embolimaei, compared to the; and that on.
iuftam year period of time and Moon effects with, for example fuolocodi.
CCtllI.
500 1000 E N S E S A T T V 1 B 1 c 1 s.
From the years 1000 N T E Qy Greece, Praefertim attics, Meth.
\ As long as we open a, which, indeed, the sense of smell is not Gaza, in the fomno ,.
  it.
500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. I. 29.
A poffit that the former may be called into question, or whether Reet which the order of menfium.
I3.
100.
The Attic writers such a way that it is from himself are doétiffimo Gaza, who had been made. For the first time.
false witness is a possibility at all, And He is to us a lot of æftuans perfuade.
tries Anthefterionem productive menfem Autumnifuiffè as Mac.
MA & teriones eiufdem the first quarter of the autumn. both.
Prifcorum proves to be false fcriptum auetoritas and quodani.
thefterion fruitful autumn quadrant, and that maemor and you.
Orion first. For many of Anthefterione aduerfàntur. But the front.
de Anthefterione which we speak, the place of poftulat, so that as many as Aioyvoio.
Athens, and they have been, let us say, something to do with this matter, because they do, and le.
And laying the ties are inexperienced poffunt. Therefore, decks were liberal atheists.
nis.Prima, menfe Pofideone the gods & TA Aloyjaia xax 'DYP and another ano.
@ Xατ second òoyvola 'ἀςυ, menfe Elaphebolion. Hefychius, and Aloy.
oix AOG) Afirow, if Aioyvag Say "6% μὰρ κατ 'αγράς μ'ινὸς Ποσάόεόθ (6.
J \ 7ra ou Alwouę b) @d) a ew $ dg, ulwòς Eλαφηβολιόθ. For writes.
History aùrov ajazo / da] £ τελωύες $ %% x% U%, duajg Ex.
Aioyvoiay * $ & 'dsixôy, αὐφόεκσεύδελθόν, έ όμεgόν όλ £ ywy rapawy.
xazäv 2 ^ άςύλα Σταςτής ίφο% ov%, A £ kpuaie τετταλ φῶores, A xaia.
Ji 'A% ynoiy dgxoy (33, §Xa4 / 2o ^ ιόό δκτη φόiyoy%.
Of those openly fenta Seneca his Anapaeftis :.
"We Cadmeis bear the mysteries.
With / gardener founded ÇİFT ,.
Cumiampul / O / Idera winter.
The $ stink calls setter :.
T & fficifera comceßa Dec.
caettica • 2!) FTAs ​​closes Eleufim.
Fuiffe the indicated time near the end of the winter, and in addition, £ r ^ GT.
Grxcè fuiffe, and said that the smaller myfteria. For my greater.
fter were Pentaeterica: Scneca Herculis in their fury, about whom he said ,.
Guante separates the evacuation of 7'omamtem ,.
guimta and / bitter recalled the "rich ,.
Guanta, was far superior to the time comes again to grovel before ,.
ID crescere & 5 / omnos cupiensquietos.
Balance Phaebeostenetaqua car ,.
The crowd secret Ceres ,.
The cititeáisproperant reliant.
& 4tticinoäem celebrate MYFI.
At Ippolito. .
 §. Now, a quarter Eleufin grant crave fecaf ,.
: '' 'Equal to the entire compofait day. © • 3 o 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 G E R L
Of course, there were τὸ εὐκαι} ßond% eggs, poftconfeétum loyal Aequin A.
