
IPerfâ Deputy Babylon, and King Perfarum diéti desirable finementio.
not of the kingdom, so that by virtue of, 28. Ibienim is said to be regnumCyri Perfae.Quareeum.
bold to say shoulders exAMediae% received carried on? However maximein.
do not taceriIudæis fiquidem fcribit great import for such a great event, of which the nē.
moignorabatIoiakim King fuiffe Iuda.Quareigiturinitio first.
notiffimam the Jews, he sets forth the matter of the head, Jehoiakim the king of Judah, of the.
to pinch, however, the king, the king of nomineappcllare nondignatur? What ?.
Say ye to the aliquid.Sialiud evidence of things that you have, quonobisperfua.
DEAT, is already tempuscftaut to change the fententiam, or to remain silent. For instead of a.
feétoifte Dariushomo priuatusad kingdom of Babylon acceffit.Scri.
ptum the beginning of chapter IX. First £ 4 years for killing son and truthfulness, about '/ £ dear.
meA4edia. Latincita concipiendumerat, the first year Darijfiljoxya.
ris, originating from the Home and Garden. Nondicctis whence come the smoke ibinosnátos.
effects, but should rather, with respect to the kind of deduce. Example given.
He was not of the subject concerning which he had no doubt about it. But we nevertheless. Stilicho.
CIatP R E C O O 50 1000 20 11 1 E N A. I.
|.
].



|.
).

/.
$.
i.
terms with the Vandals were, natusin the middle of the Wandalia; his son was Eucheriusna.
frankincense was changed exfemine Wandaliæ, vtverbis Daniel vtar, three o'clock.
TCM Wandalus nations, although they could be called fi7;%) & so.
λ'u "It was native to his father, how this happens no.
ftro Darius the Mede, who was not born in Media, Fed.
Median & quiapater it was, and it was named as by other citizens.
Babyloniis homoinquilinus diftingueretur. For yourfcif permits ,.
flue Oxyares, Quifque it was a father of killing: one, it appears ,.
CX Megiftanibus & Nobles Media, Babylon immigrauit ,.
aovxôrês flue x%, that is, fèditione Driven by other leading ,.
King flue disclosure, fufpeétus with the medium. I should sue.
rit that cauffa country bring forward an accusation, a private individual is a human being at any rate, is not a king.
(What does tacuiffet Daniel) Babylon abode. Give this child.
more rarely, but whose name was called This came about, or of, the Mede, with the other leading men of Babylon shall.
The end does the plot Balfàfàrem grandchild Nabuchodonofori Re.
gem of Babylon, entered into, and fignifer concerned in the conspiracy, the murder of the King, Himself.
fuffragiis of the people is called to be in his place. So it was Daniel first.
Media in 7Darij son Oxya arising from the king / pon the.
conftitutus protector. But he decided that this had overthrown Darius, ejse Aftyagem, who, when they.
Cyrus obfederit Babylon, and the king Balfàfàrem death: Cu.
Not to go minimaquidem fufpicio stands out in Daniel, to the right, but openly.
it is there said of the night, at a party Balfàfàrem oppreffum fuiffe. He.
When a thousand leaders and idle entertainment doubt ncceffe.
Efter infecura vrbe, but not to the obfeffà fuiffe, though it is fimilc.
nefcio What tells the story of Herodotus. What is surely gather from the words.
Daniel, however, quamex you restore its flavor, infumma fecuritatë, far away from all.
hoftium fear, interfeetor fuiffe? The king ifte Mcdes create.
tuseft so plainly, Daniel word of Tire, the fignificant things.
Gem was created effects. Itaqueinitio of the head by force, straightway, ye, after He hath from the slaughter of the Bal.
fàfàri, added: T) drius have received this took Kingdom. The word ,.
Here, Daniel ap fignificant a manner which does not fimplicitcr fümerc, Fed.
of the hand of the other to receive. Vfurpatur or otherwise repaired. Whence.
And third, that there is fcripta, but the perception that delivery alone, it said.
turr 33p. If this confideraffent that Darius and his father Re.
Get two, makes and Hebrew words Daniclis perpendiffent ,.
We have never had a book of this force is operistam accurate.
rcdemonftratafunt, correcting imperitiamfuam & κακοὰdo.
aperuiffent. You see that Darius the Mede, home Babylae.
do not, the Mede, the son of Oxya, hominispriuati, fuffragiis of the people of the king.
was created, the tefte ipfo Daniel. With Jerof go Nebuchadnezzar.
noforo after a year of the dead was quadragefimumtcrtium.
|.
).
I
 1VJSxxxv PRO 50 E 1000 E G O N A.
the son of his Hevvilmerodach, annotertio of the kingdom, from the Nerigliffororo, the market.
ns fuse husband, interficitur.Nerigliffororuscumquatuorannos regnaf.
{And, fue Laborofoarchodo son, Nabuchodonofori's daughter.
He left the kingdom; by which interfeetor, after He hath menfes-nine years the kingdom of Na.
bonidocuidam, one of the interfeétoribus ipfius, the common confenfu.
traditumeft.Hæc Berofus.Quæ omniafacræfcripturæ with people.
they come, if only the physic interpretation. In fact, his journey nothing at all.
difcrepant. Interfeetor for Hevvilmerodacho, non eft of the doubt.
Nerigliffororum the people perfuafiffe, pe ^ the son of fuo Nabuchodonofori.
the daughter nepotircgnum confèruare until adolefccrct so that they fit.
Defiderius Hevvilmerodachi the effect of Nebuchadnezzar.
noforimemoriam, idomne lenirctur, when they saw it from the ftirpe Na.
Buchodonofori still fupereffe that in the leaf federent. Nor.
is no doubt that, although it may in reality Ipfa the king of the effect, however, the name of the sons of the kingdom.
adminiftraffe.Sanc Jeremiah cap.xxv 1 1,7, dixitomnesgentesfub.
IEETA foreimperio Nabuchodonofori, his son was there, & filiofilij.Quan.
want to get the grandson by his daughter, effet, is also, however, of the sons of the name of the daughter of comprc.
henduntur. Now in order for Latiniliberorum the name, the name of the fic some of the Hebrews.
ne fa the both of fexu understood the matter. Laborofoarchodus it.
is Balfafar.