 Where it is Du.
Ash simple means to be transferred from the first to the second, as the first neo.
 walls, Ash is removed from the second to the third day of the civil instance.
l is most of the night. Why whereas coal reached 18 hours, then.
c gone by midday on weekdays and translated ncomeniæ fequentes. So.
In the first hour I menfe hours with no tie and made z 2 hours. Why weekday.
translated from the second to the third. Have in common with the Jews.
We will expound this, however, J / W4o4ogia of the Moon, which I know not, when he by all means necessary.
Astronomical distress. Scquuntur letter D. N: The first sign of it.
JDiem, and no other loser. Therefore, the first new moon, on the day of the week and fruitful, and fč.
XIV ing with the third, the hours of the day, Jn, and at the 18o.fecunda neomcniafuit day of the week.
fourth, the third hour of the night, 18o minutes, and so on others. Following.
EPOCH moons in the solar menfibus Samaritan, and lu.
Lian. In the sixth place indicated by the new moon of the solar menfis the Samaritans did not of whom.
p Julian Day menfis links. In the last column there are holidays which.
* Notatæ moons are menfis Samaritan. For example, the new moon.
Solaris 2 starts Samaritan month of February 6, wrote Thursday in a letter.
A version for the DominicalisRomana 500, cyclo Sunday z 5.
IHic obviously observe the phase of radiation in the solar Nifanius, SCE.
nopcgian inSolariTifricelebrari. For that reason in the whole cycle and we turn from a Iu.
ting confuetudine Faltia seven times. Prgterea it should be noted, that they did not take care of.
tranflationesIudaicas. In fact, in the day when Christ shall incur the Muhai of radiation.
• •. Ram Lu * 1I8 1 o s e p h s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R.

Ram Moon, this annoneomenia starts ASCR quarter of Muharram, which in
in the notion of state of Jewish Paschal reiicula is, however, in the mense. Again full.
& Menfes cavity to the other. For Muharram & Scphar full hump.
Now that rabic cauus is a continuum, and that both Giumcdi are equal.
plcni continuously, and Sahaben Regcb the cavity. This rcliqua DC.
in said elsewhere.
A A A 1 100 500 E ANN Oh Oh Oh S 50 5 m.
E P O F AR 100 50 5 1 1 A n ae.
viNTvs CURTIUS of Indians speaking viii writes: MEN.
fesinquinosdenos descripferunt days. Anniplcna fpatiaferuan p.
appropriately. Curfu mark off the seasons, of the moon, it is not, as most of it, with the world at peace.
loyal to his full height, but with FE curuarecæpit the horns, and therefore breuior.
the thing have the menfes, the motion of the moon, who also set a fearful fpatium them at this.
gether. This clothing. Of course, the truth of it is breuiorcs menfes effects than in the other.
Rum with quinisdenis only diebusconstent. But as the moon.
corniculata, if not in, too, from the full moon alternately? And if the full moon ,.
how constantca, the things that he says, do not go at the time to be thought that at Cumae.
orbemfidus fulfill? what else can I est5quam from the full moon? Again ,.
If quinidcni dies menfi applied as consistently feruabitur.
that number is used as the tandcmrationes of the moon, not falling off, fiquidem Lu.
naresmenscs dialog and hollow inside? The hisrebusitatemere also do c.
Tiffimo pronunciarc and old people. If the radiation from the moon horns.
obtusiflord, does not, therefore, menfes for five days, so that perperamscribit auétoralio.
Nay, facundiffimus, but for three hundred & vndetricenis alternately it consists.
vetoes. Etfàne μοιχλgín 6); Patriarch Ignatius of Antioch, a surgery.
intervention and honesty, writing olimmihi India and China every year.
In running describe the moon, corumque moons bleached Gy * * 992y.
} Jyg] ", that is, Xai 4dws264 * </ phpBB. Augustinian monk, quipri.
European fupcrioribus sure all my years of unadopted.
gained, they write to China (all of whom ineptiffimc Hifpani Chinas.
they are called) are all new moons, wore their effects, in the eifque the army of masc.
By recenferi and inspected by the beginning of March in the year effects from the new moon; D.
Also this year, equal to the time they rcgno of China, who thought of.
Christ 1 57 5 moons fuiffe on 3 September. Dcnique full.
moonless those things facra cffet in eifquc celcbrari public entertainment. Therefore.
in the same year 1575, xx Augustus fplendidiffimo be acceptable meal ,.
quodcadiesfàcratacffetplenilunio. Atnonium alone China, but also by others.
all, both the Indians, to which the beak above to India, MCAF Lunaribus their own.
Porafua dcscribunt as Iaponcnscs, DC where Aloifius Frok Icfuita.
2I1I1OD from E 1000 N 500 E A T P O R T £ 1000 v 1000 51 B. II. 119.
A year 1 565 inquadam sua letter from the fillet Iapan writes: tumbled.
the beginning of the year, the arrival of the new in the ipfum depart: that when this is in the winter, Iaponij.
A Kal. Fcbruarii are aufpicati year. For these various district.
in mind the years of curfus: on a very different, than that of the ratio of the time with us, and.
description. Vctus is the will of the nation, as annoineunte and withdrawing nine.
Moon, adufquc vicefimum Kingdom nobles and immolated headquarters.
the end of the gifts of the foot will fall to the king of quifque fuum falutandum does not accept the invitation.
Between them, the Augustinians and the words, is the socerebellar Oricnta = ,.
les lunar year of use, but also pick Iaponcnfiumannum effect, you will use.
Word Besides the full vbiquc ensured and the time for active agent.
A harvest moon starting o'clock effect from the third quarter. Of course.
B is the new moon of August, it was agreed with the new moon: and Giumedi of the previous year.
The Arabic language 98;, day of the week feptimum the title of Augustus by force. For this reason xx Augusti was.
