
CLI, the sub z O9, idcoque 6 on the moon. Since then whether grade.
less marked in Verse, namely 19, was to force full moon and therefore 1, 3 ;.
Were fulfilled, in the same, such as table with the fint in the same verfu. So enough Vltimus.
mum year of care, from which rcliqua codcm vcrfu placed in a pen.
sometime. Christ again in Sec. . .
 D. 272. Converted to Oiatribam of recent years, P ra p E M E N S VTI 1000 A C A 51 c 1 v M. Odoardus Barbofà writes.
Kani out, that is, astronomers Calecuticnfibus, says those men.
{Diuifosesse are for signs and mourning, and the others 29, others S.3 others.
3 days to be. Who dubitateum to be the year of the celestial church, which the beak above.
propofuimus next? But, false witness, what he adds, with the year of the Moon.
lso be well to begin from April. For the O 3 and 31 days.
menfes he has a, he can not demand to the moon, of four: But who are of the heavenly.
Dleßis is not entirely true, and so from the beginning of Aries started, NC.
ards it. Dost thou certainly know that there is no Indian pestilence autemvocem Kani, the thing, but to Arab will.
Cáfmgê, for they are diuinaculi, augurcs, a poet,. .
GG 3.

iose S o e p h i
354.
S 100 50 1 A G E R L
1 5 1 50 1 1 100 AE S A R S F.
ID E
1000 N 500 E E E O N A T 1
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
50 1 B E R N T Q_V 1 5 St.
rare, that is always the boy said civilians.
Ve rum difèrtissimus. But what happened to know ,.
WE you ever come to know that day, on the other hand is always f e.
} Regrini be. It is true that the belief of stopping.
Rule 337 firms to be said for that matter am.
È39èSÉnes and actions are governed. It ignorant ,.
they are not only of the child, as he wants to, but also of things fuarum & actions they are.
unconscious. It is not without reason that from the older ones, observing notatif.
that time, many old memories in one confpe.
And then discharged. But because in it of no effect if the business, who at stated between B.
by the palisade of the times does not distinguish, or it is not committed by some one in a certain interval of time, to the.
Now the rest of progrcditur be investigated, the latter a final perceived.
rubbing action in human history to have a soul, they are.
stories of the times the notation. Why is this type of writing.
From simple double stench i £ OE / Nov Nov% ^ & xgovo one quite.
He needed another, but rather history chronologicas. Prior writing.
ptionis two ancient Greeks even today fuperfunt, Herod.
frankincense, and Thucydides. Another auetorem all so well for himself, than no.
Twice complaints season quitamen there were few, and even the greatest.
man, Ephorus Eratosthenes, Thallium, Castor Apollo, Thrafyl.
right Phlegon others. Above all the Dionyfius Halicarnassenfis CanonesC.
Eratostheneos magnifies the season, if they existed today through them.
alone in the forest of the rest of Defiderius to endure patiently the right to love. They all had not the.
hil, define, or a few words before the first Olympiad is very reliable.
Consequently all that they delivered them unto certain and, having ascertained this, thanks to Olympiadum ,.
Tabulation reported that the state »and adding the names.
the rewards.
A 5 1 500 before it was born to us, should happen to ignore.
$ 3 ancient Greeks and ancient commemoratioDE E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 51 1000 BV ;;;.
 From the rewards of Hiero, even, and indeed in the shrine of Jupiter 's Olympij, that the.
Pliny says neatly NCAA claritatc calendar of Greece.
rumors. The first is the right time to put forward a i OE ,.
XOR called them such, since everything, that that went before him, by dividing the diuifif.
sent by the Olympiad back to Cataclyfmum μνόixò or figúxóy.
vocantcs, on the one side the whole next stage in the front parts, d διλοι. Whatever joy.
tur this day, it is certain that in the definition of the times, to the whole of Olym.
receiving a PI to be referred to the end by which they were fallen by the conception of history.
IRomani both wild type are attacked. In my opinion another.
auetorem pifo, surnamed Thrifty, & Fabius, or the most ancient of all the Pietà.
they are, or in the most ancient. The allocation of the first ,.
E OrmnCS those people back into the beginnings of Cities and Italian descent.
cem has drawn out, with so much love, so carefully elaborated study, as seen in this match.
thee up, lest he becomes inferior to the Greeks, indeed, so far as it is due to Dionyfio.
Halicarnassenfi we may imagine. The lees are outside the hazard.
pofio Terence Varro, Friends, Com. Rake C.
Truly Flaccus. And in the book of Cenforiis gram tablets.
to arrive at the very beginning of the City, while he built up for himself: But Marcus Varro must.
The Olympics, and Greek comparison. But, not for both.
Among fated to be agreed. For Cato heavier than Varro year.
alone, the City very beginnings. Indeed, a demand Re.
deprehenfum from gum containing certain tables Ccnforiis. But the loser.
100 times, by means of which the seven kings in the city were ordered for ex.
weep and permitted all they possess, anything that can properly be called into doubt pof.
angles. For no one, to be away from those times, which is actually very close by.
the ground, or the interval of time, by means of that form of government is for, as Scripture has left us, either.
essetannus quotient of the city making it the first of which fell within.
Brutus's side. And so, confugitVarro to the lack of Sun, and whom in the excefs.
fu of Romulus was known to have happened, it is not the same in any of the ancients in writing, from the whole, but from May.
Rum trust was generally persuaded. But even if the sun to grant excefs.
