
{^ 5 ^. N o t AE. 5 5.
yixp £ iv or ix. But if any should meminiflet of the time, the one in which they were made of them.
For years he had been the minister in front of millet, the orbits of enumerating them all, he might yours be done.
diuinare to the end of the list, whose family funétio to the temple. It ranks.
neither right nor left to the fua vfque the times of the most resolute and writes Iofephus nom. e b) £ m.
for example, ά ό μεεισμός ἐe, $ O fiueey iu'pag. and the first families to be popular fuif.
fe writes, The chief articles of the nobility, and this is the habit of the place, with the nation be broken through. ίμοί3.
Μόνον 8% and 9% iepa ei G, A &. x x £ έ σp & της ἐφημέe / § aixoovravpoy%. τολή.
a & * k? & Qoey. Vnaquæque family πατε / α is said to Iofephus, facri.
The Bible, the r-; 5Wilt »μεεισμός. Iofephus also άφημέe ;, & Lucas άσημε and α. However.
Function of time so it can be called that and said φυλax * r ^ gyp.
Also ipye is Aarovpyia. And so niisye NPP liturgy, distinguished £ sacrificed.
In the seven days of the week abroad, how many days in every Ephemerie help.
Rabat: namely the sacrifices morning of Saturday morning sacrifice to be.
quentis Saturday. In fact, the liturgy of this are as follows: Lérins payo ^ r y r; wy ,.
Syin nrup, Saturday and adiiciebant ßenediétionem Ephemerie one of those things that come out.
miniflerio from fat. Therefore, on Saturday, went out of service, namely, before ripening.
whether fussitum, the establishment of loaves shewbread. Iofephus with David :.
Jiiv 5% ula, ττ ια} * £ gxordię πω Θεά? H * U £ PA; exto,> * ov.C € 4tv, € I av.
Catw. The O & iJonxá ;, to the esteem with only the seven weight. Lukas ἐπ ^ #.
And m £ u £ EZ. δxtò <r £ from? itrum τ. πιδίον. However ETX £ n * $ &%. only. So.
zzwtstrek said that only four years of solid district. Thus, the fun.
Ephemerie and the board of one of the seven men, who were told by us or 168.
Twice hieraticis. a hieratic figure, who, indeed, of the world will never be the same day to the Iu.
Lian returns, except after a 2 x 4 years, Julian, who made 487, and the disc hieraticis.
at the same time Julian journals will start to serve, or taken, from which.
Julian years to 224. For the truth is that 23 years have elapsed Julian 5o.
hieraticis disc, but defunt 18 hours. And therefore, when the holidays for 47 years, Neo.
meniarum return in the world in the interval that there are cycle 13, replaced.
537, too, the orbs of a hieratic figure. But, as I dcfunt 8 hours. So true ho.
Rum orbit period is 4 years 2. 2. Star. This is the Hierar.
so religiously observed until drawn back into the temple that is above the said.
mouse, no family fun and mishandling of the part, or (b% might be, for example adco year.
excidij of the temple, it is customary and fasting, and with the demands of decimæfeptimæ of Tamuz Pompeius, in the.
a shortage of the families of the cerpellatum takes place, which at the time the order to the service of the illius solen.
end call, even though her family, she was the most fun & TA service, Po.
"Settling fubstitui obligatory, as is customary for men facrum shortage omitted.
But, however, it was omitted from the lack of that Ephemeris, upon which from the order, that condition.
week belonged. Religion in the order prescribed by the Alwaies.
seruand. In the former it can be continued so that it becomes the temple of the daily facri were standing, there is no doubt.
Saturn, and ¥ agyagos he said. That Zelatabac continuous, therefore it is never the Hebrew.
hieraticis continue weekdays, and the facerdotibus ipfis a dreadful i.
dolomaniam paid. For an order from Alwaies plan Hezekiah was restored.
, before Easter Sunday. 1 1 Chronic. XXIX, 25. If I would have continued.
daily sacrifice, needed funétio and their families would be continued. It is not.
Ezekial would then need to restore order. He did the same and Iofias.
Fuum to celebrate Passover. 1 1 Chronic. xxxv, 4. No, nor yet Ephemeris.
100 4 reality and te56 1 N F L A G E N T 1000 A.
subject and the observer are as Jews, Ezekiel upbraidingly XXIV, 7, 8. Contra force.
it can not be undone derived from eiufdem Ezekiel 1 x 50 V, 15. In addition, the Jews.
quasi handed have captured and incenfum Temple by the Babylonians.
From three o'clock, journals Ioiarib. The grim for carimine »pipe no.
From out of the perfona presbyterij na, we read these verficulos rythmic.
NY £ n nywa vninº mygna 7) ienomamenfis, time vessertinitemporis ,.
anin; £-end shipped; snnty ^ y ys Quumessem in the vigiliamea, by keeping awake to Jehoiarib, the ,.
INPN wrait nsy ayiwr, Day, Introiithoflis and facrificiafua offered.
rin. NY sºm VP8 • - s ** 3 infančtuarium iniussù1 entry EFL) wishes.
And yet this interval of time after the Passover of Hezekiah, is convenient therefore to the destruction of the temple, neither.
a Pa (cha Iofiae. Jehoiakim but also worship idols, and Sedekias. CWJ and therefore \ criterion.
χαμά disregarding, or not to continue to tie it up. Otherwise, p.
from the beginning of the year in which he kept the feast of the dedication of the temple of Solomon, to the destruction of the temple ,.
the daily sacrifice was observed, that is, from 2. 9 month period of the year Julian.
'37o3, which occurred in March 3o, on feptimi 5 Fane by the time the fair seventh.
For Matt July in the year 4114, which entered into a hieratic week, in which the temple.
incenfum was that within 41 years fpatium 1, the outlet will be found 118 ,.
that they are absolved disc hieraticis 9 1 6. Only we can extend the account (er.
uiatione this order under the former temple. Under the latter there could in any way.
