
that was true, fequeretur it may further be necessary, it Nabuchodonoforum.
500 only for three years and ordered that she remembers only the third, Daniel :.
In this way, Darius the Mede, fine Nabonidus oétogenarius realm.
being driven by Cyrus, the rest of the praefeétura Carmanian first time.
uatus debt. * *. . . . ..
•. . 100 cc, 4. relies.
SS. E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R 1.
RELIQVVM Daniel of temporibvs A.
A NT 1 100 O P E A 1 1 1 P H A N St.
 v N c is to the other side, I am coming, and this belongs to the state of Iu.
Nilii under Antiochus, to whom are due to the tops of the part of Daniel,.
111 V, XI, XII. Antiochus order of Romaniper Lcgatus.
C. Popilius Lænatcm to leave his equals to the land of Egypt, and came to fruitful love.
JERUSALEM, this time fustulit native ritual Jewish and Gentile.
Rum fupérstitionem the stantially again. It turned out to be.
that the same storm, which is the perfet to be flexible or,. According to summarize Liuianae :.
cladcm to bear last night and moved ahead defeetio moon, and.
It happened in the City of finch Varronianis 584 Aimilios L. Paull, B.
C. Licinius Crassus c o s s. The fourth cycle, on Sunday. year.
Nabonafîàri 58o, Pachon XXI period Iulianae 4546, June XXI.
Alexandria, and which the common 68 pcriodi, to the fruitful year of the ordinary: of which.
Tifrum sixteen Septembris, from Monday Tranflator V 1 to V. Why defer and us.
Powered by xm he is fallen into the ordinary citizen to the day, the third day of the week, fequente guar.
ta Powered by the present fifteen, sixteen years of Jewish fequente 3 593 :.
Didymonos 28 years the world; 3782. When it is unfair.
mifèrrimi disaster and components that have started from the Jewish state, indicates that DA.
Niel Div. XII. The one is the interval of time, from the beginning, that intercst Profit.
Temple nationality and dcfiti ranges fàcrificij the dedication Macabæi ,.
Daniel, a thousand two hundred and ninety-defines the chronicles of the. those who are of the year g.
Gyptiaco three days 195. Time Encæniis Macabaei, twenty.
November 4549 year periods Star. if u back from the epoch.
lurk in three years Julian Day 19 5, the number of definct on May fourteenth.
year 4546, which terms with aegoadgnovèztermxo%. And so, on this side, it begins to ßdä.
Ἀνγμα ἐgnuówe%, under Antiochus Epiphanes, and it lasted years, Julia.
we have three and a half days and XT. This is why commatc.
feptimo ciufdem cap.xii said, μέ and 368, § 36o, and jufßt; x £ reality ,.
In which he was to attend the diximusa xiv of May of the year 145 Alexandria, ad.
148. November in the year of the 14 year, Matt; at first came Hierofo.
Lyme Antiochns, and then felt for him in contempt of Jews.
the culture and the baby not be Graecanicis examples diferte the preceding p.
Macabaeorum, the first written remains. For the second year.
ie the invasion and then by putting Antiochiin the violation.
Temple and here three years ago in order to expiate the altar, and the dedication of the temple.
However, Daniel cap.VIII. 14, illorumtemporum disaster and riots.
may cherish the Jewish further back. The whole process, for it between the.
fortification, in order to expiate the Temple rituals and restitution defines a day.
rum, two thousand and three hundred, who are fyzygiae ciuilcs Lxxviii less.
triduo.D from E 1000 N 500 E r. E P O R T 1000 V 1000 50 1 5 B. I. 58 ;.
Atriduo. So four days from November twenty years Alexandræo.
148 Rum reckoned back definunt ix August 14th, she was.
an end of Elul. A new moon of the month Elul, to the dedication Macabæi ,.
interfunt.anni Julian solid with bifexto sex, diefque Infup CIX.
Why upset Jerome in place of explanation. Is willing to, on the whole.
the same year, and the difference from the year 143 to the year 148, when in reality.
one year seriously. nor miraripossum of fate, the same author, who is the vice of a perverse.
Guthrie for what he had attribute that he method Eufe.
impcdit that came from Antiochus, the Antichrist, what about the more scandalous intelligunt.Nam.
, the same thing under his perfona about Antichrist, and be understood? Of course Ecclefia.
Ecclefia of the Jews, in the same Ecclefia Christ. And she him.
Btempore aduerfàbantur true religion, which caadumbrabant posts.
mis in the time of trouble for an Ecclesiam of Christ, they were. Therefore, Daniel reality.
requests the beginning of the season and head to the calamity of the great multitude.
euros after the third Macabæorum, which Lucific a.
cem for this place, of Daniel SHINE IN. But later that same book MA.
cabæorum Div. x. 3, μέ δόχόo dedication Macabaei claim that is ,.
from the profanation of the temple was, to the feast of the dedication, was present, as only two years.
states that perfpicue & Daniels, and the first book to Macabæorum.
uerfàtur: the gods, as many other examples in that book, but in another way, and from the Auetore & ta of the first.
books, to say nothing of the epoch Seleucidarum one year less places ,.
Auetore than the first book. And so it is no wonder, if the last two years had attended the.
cgissè said that three years never happened before, with the same or 148.
hum Seleucidarum throwing the book at 149. But, prior to this.
reaching out in his lecture at Babylon :.
Oh 1000 500 500 E H E B A B 1 500 500 A N E S 5 50 1 St.
LT E L A part of Daniel, however, than a promise, it is very famous.
She and from all of the Seven Give overrun problem.
nielis, which I will not say as much as in the old ones as well ,. delufèrit
the permission of as modern ones: what commentifint, that he then might Fefe extras.
