
E P O R T 1000 5 M.
50 1 B E R T E R T S 1 5
of the heavenly, which by means of the anomaly on the Canons of the.
compctentes αφαςάσις ago and was not invited.
3, !! equal. So, these movements or deestfemper ,.
â € $ fuperest or something. Thus, in the concept of the year.
ÉÉÉ§ year æquabilcmvocamus, cuipro.
¥. \ Account commodioremvfumaut away auTf.
Šperestaliquid. Example: Perficoan.
â? ® * \\ 2 ° SS). .... (Q4Z no quarter on Sunday reasoning is lacking. But.
Greek above the moon arguments for nearly six days fuperfunt. And closing with it.
For advice and more convenient for thirty days menfium distribution ,.
And just days description, which is æquabilitatemen B.
fium Greeks wanted moon by affequi. But this was beyond all bounds.
maul problems. For, it is the chronicles of the remaffumebatur to her, than to.
year required limit. Opposing reasons Oricntis natione with.
in the same year before, a woolen shirt, and so as to avoid the tediousness of embolif.
to chastise him, they desired to morals, for the first time nearer to him from the sun, as possible.
Alun reasons abeff you consider that the population of wit.
the errors of the times more and home, on the Moon, on account of the good faith of the cc.
leritatem, studying how the sun after it was agreed upon.
them three times, so that from the model of the year, I have been with, there was a period of days in which 3 is 6, O ,.
2 of 7 curtailed, and this year appenderentur. Diuifa it.
2 to 7 years that amount, excerptæ days were v, and the lime or C.
After a day of 36o if reieétæ: $ tayoμάας the Greek word Aegyptij.
In the ancient language n e s 1: 1000 vs. bear & Arab & ^ • v t e r a KA H.
The Ethiopians won over the Greeks today etiamnum O N A L N E 1000
call. Since this year 3 6 5 days constituiffent no doubt.
runtcumSolarem to call them, even though they were not ignorant, to that year to the.
•, perfeótio.
N astronomical ἀμαλα) κυάτάς be invited to Succeeding E N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. B. V 1000 51 3 189.
A pcrfeétionem deeffe a quarter of the time of day. In the neglectus.
Oh menfem 12 years through the entire head withdraws from the epoch of the solar year.
For example, Caputanni, the day of the Kai. Mai Julian's, that.
After 12 years, incidetin Kai. Apr.Quare the twelve great menfi.
withdraws from the bus down the course of the first historical epoch, dies; 6o. that time.
He is twelve years old, z oh, that is, 14 4o. After vigintiamnos recent.
As the day of 365. The summa 146o years old becomes uniform. where.
annihuius the entire distance from the head of the ordination of Julian feriem Peru |.
gatur. This fpatium that the Great Year was used instead. It is well known as are of the twelve.
cimmagnis menfibus that each year there are 1 2 O or twelve million.
dm> $ tayoμόας big five, four or five years.
He said, to be called the Great Year xuxbv BScd quodCenforinus huiufmodi ,.
That true if fpeétes month Thoth. How often do you saliva.
inhibits Thoth in ortumcaniculæ fell, it said straight xuvxòς ἐνιαυτός.
And this, again, as it happens to me, not in a few years, by hundreds, it is necessary that ,.
But the fact that this interval of time, by which Thoth returns to the rising of the Dog ,.
from which he had started in the beginning, it is clear that the years 146o, on the other hand perabsur.
While it. In fact, he says, the dog-star, whom Thoth fuiffe, VLPI &.
| Brutio praefentia c o s s. After years of canicular I46o is no effect.
can, of course, that the year 1599 will be a year of equable 146o.
Thoth free from the dog Cenforini. For Solstitia Sec.
aequinoétia anteuertunt about ten days, within that period of 11, thus a.
100 fiderum slowly rise, quiaannus mainly as a crowd astronomers.
Rum talks, is slower than in Julian, Julian, in the tropics. It.
matter if the year of Christ 138 rising xx falls in July or.
no fall in nine of July 1 598 Christ, if indeed if Thebithio year.
Dcret auétoricredimus. However, you will not veteres they tlu ^ α • • DA%.
êánxe4240 DVG. And therefore a great of them, and the year, which was composed of 146 o.
Julian, that it was rather a vast orb of the year, in the Egyptian equable, in ch.
Pocher were restored to Juliana, a vague than that of the Dog Star to the Thoth REDC.
untie. But & Dio Caffius, this is a great year, with the intention of having a ,.
inie and to speak intercalation Bifexti Julian, puerile, respectively.
when he thinks about such a matter, gave his decision. For instance, in the interval between 146o years ;.
500 effects a day and there must be added, in addition to him, the ordinary, which is Bi.
from t vM said. That is so far from, as that truth is made, so that intotidem.
rather, eleven years, the day of the Julian excreuerint, than can be held, one of fresh milk.
The words Dion: τω μὰ μίλο τω έν ἀ τὰgτημοείων συμΖngeui.
" 'Ω δέ τεοπαγων και αύτως ἐγ εἰσήγα} ρ, ἀςτε μηδὲν ἐπ τές on όe%) ;.
*% *, Zx'w) Azygia, @ §αλαζειν. άν youu% λίοις έ τεττακοσίοις and f.
£% ov%, ai fire, μιᾶς ἀλγς ημάegς ἐμβολίμε όέογ) serial number.
errors, he said,}) i g Ttoygg® embolifmum bifexti ficri.Quod Græcg.
propric19 o o s e p h 1 1 1 50 S C A G E R L
Properly is the third year exaéto.Sic significant Herodotus, the Greeks end A.
bienniis the company intercalare corners and tie, said άλλως δια τζν ἐτε® lug.
zuuoy ἐπεμέαλλεσI. This is the demand of the productive year, and three times.
components birthday. Then he decides something other than a quarter of the day.
fupereffe. After the last fourteen hundred years ago, one fexaginta ,.
keep one day intercalation. For if he that, because he was sick.