
still retaining the same name, but P & Tonic operation distorted ,.
C & voglare said. Moreover planitics to put in some miles.
it is clear, is entirely capable of fighting. Why is it really is, and whether.
neare less so remarkable, so he designated as off.
, The French are able to persist in branding the writers of fuo. Deprehenfo of the year.
ccssus Hlodouei, to his children, we hold the introductions to the four, Hlotarij.
Suessones, theodericus Metenfium & Remi, Hlodomiri hearing.
Lian, HUdeberti Parifienfis Kings. It was nostcr.
Gregörius to have not known many, or Scien praeteriisse. For confufè am.
inhibits reports. The kings of the four great then must we, brethren, Hlodvvin of the fertility, fine.
Hlodouei son begin to reign in the year 5o9, to clear out.
it is pointed out, and after a year they confirmed Confulatum Bafilij.
500 V. C. indiétione the first of the year Hlotarium ruled XLIV years ,.
testifies Marcellinus comes. that is, twelve years after Confulatum Bafi.
fifty, which was 553, then his years of absolute resource Hlotarius m.
perauerat. In the speech, even when attending to our family.
Gregory had died vicefimo Thcodericum the third year.
I have been with, but his Theodebert, the son of the fourteenth, it is not needed at least.
confuetudine year ended flowing from the Latin, but Intel completed.
and accept. Because of the exccssu Hlodouei, adcxcessumThcodebcrti ,.
2 FSS control.
¢ 1 616 • • e p h o s s c a l 1 1 G E R 1.
think of years of absolute XXXVII. 14. Thus, for they make them with so many igi 3 A. z,
Theodebertus be Theuderici son began to have started from the year 53 z.
Theuderici son Theudvvaldus the year 546. IV. Div.
MX is Theudvvaldi King's death, and expcditio Hlotarij in Sa.
Xone resisting. Both of these, according to Stephen, it indiétio.
that the first year they P. C. V. C. Bafilij year 553 years.
So seven years of release. that he understands that Gregory from the vfu fuo of los.
and to conform with said feptimo year she died it is completed. GE.
555 XIIII belong to the head of the year, stand by, who was 14, after the Con.
fulatum Bafilij V.C. indiétione 3. See Maroellinum count.
sitnre reporting, Gregory recalls. XVII of success.
pertaining to the year of the fequentcm, Auetore Marcellinus, and, where wrongly B.
Christians read the Chramnus. librarij the voice command.
thought to be a short quasi been written chran :.
The stamps Christian. But it is from the ancient language of the Franks, and wrote.
100 Hramnus was inserted at the end. In the same year was 555.
be consulted together with the death of the King of Hildebert, Marcellinus, and out of the same: of which.
mention is made of the head of twenty, I will not adieéto of the kingdom of the time. Rules for joy.
1. Cap.xx be annosabsolutosx Lev, Hildcbertus dies. Hoccon.
v indiótione happened. Auetor Marcellinus comes. The year of Christ.
557. Accordingly, died in the Kingdom have been xlixs. For many of the Christian year.
STI 5o9 are considered. And so, Reet Aimoinus a monk, lib. 2 said.
died in the first year of xlixs. Following the departure Hlotarijrefertur, £ €.
I was in Spain and this is the absolute. The man who vfitata talk.
upright. He died in the year 56o. But what is the next thing.
Chramno took his wife and children, burnt out, this happens year.
XVII P. c. Bafilij v. c. indiétione force, that is, the year 58 5.
Author Marcellus. Among the XX and XXI, was interieétum.
Three years solid, Father Hlotario protection in fuccesserunt four ft.
fifty, Hilperich a Fredegundis, Suessones King Haribertus Part.
Fiore: Günthchramnus Aurelian: Sigeberht & Metenfium.
Remenfium, a Brunichildis, a Hifpanienfis, Wifigotho.
Rum fanguinis. The Hilpericke so lucky: Hilpericke P O T E N S ,.
/ Translator foreigner extent, a 500 V 1 t o r f o r s t 1 is the mo D.
men have. Barbara dialeéto that clear, that is, Teutonofran.
CICA, Hilperic be the same as A 501 V T P O R T E N S F O R fen
T: 1, which is true. Gregory said work at the end of the year to 597.
XX 1 X Gunthchramni, and Fredegarius year 6oo, 1 to work out.
iüfdem Gunthchramni. So he starts the year 568, or 56 9: a.
confequenter false to know that his father died from a year Hlotarium 5 6 a.
Lombard King Alboin again entered the Indian Liguria.

1.
A.
And tinned E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. V 1000 50 1 B. 6. 61 ;.



I !.
.
Aindiétione rert beginning of the third day of September, this is the year.
Christ 569. Paul Deacon, author of book 2, ch. Matt: and the iif.
the same as long as the Langobards to Italy, inuaferunt, the same Paul.
£ Ribi, France, Hlotario dead king from his four.
diuifa to have been lib. the same cap. x. But he Lango is under a delusion.
dull, and more than nine years, he said. • passages tells KalendisO.
October, and the eclipse of the sun is so apparent that neither the fourth party.
in the shining lamp, and it would remain the same, but is horrible to poor color, almoft in thine eyes.
with the visum fuisse.Nouilunium could not touch the Kalends. Octobris.
At that tartar, except in those first 574, but can not be obscured the sun.
it was made: not to touch any of the defection of the Sun's. it was very strange. However.
