 Enter the time was not convenient.
of them of the solemn celebration with them, who live from mere annoIuliano ingly high.
it, in Latin, Greek, and Antioch. For example. In the past year.
Julian, who was Christ 1595, twenty fifth of December was in.
which is celebrated as the birthday of the Dominicus.At by Ethiopia, xxix Tahaschasch ,.
in which the same birthday is being celebrated, there was a day of the week by force. That is, the annual.
Bede, when the Egyptians are talking about a year, a change fairs.
because it is on the calendar in the Egyptian intcrcalationem diuerfis loser.
unaffected carried out.
Vt s c 1 a s t c 1 1 1 500 N O N E A n NV 1000 1000 G R A T 1 A) of the Year.
of the grace, that is, the year of martyrs Dioclctianeum a whole at any time ;.
be taken away from them at any time at periodic intervals Dionyfianas, beak above the dcmonstra.
forth. Here are some other method levy, take years to happen.
pollution than integers. The first year of Diocletian, that is, Christ 284 m.
gods and the action began on September the third and the Mascaram.Ideoduo added.
Give Diocletian years, the method of labor. This is the year of Christ.
1 596, 1 ​​315 Diocletian, a nine Augustus, Indian and action plans the tenth. Years.
Therefore, 131; two of alertness. Throw all XT. It remains to levy the tenth.
An n vm e va n g e s t a r 50 1 VM) dehoc fated, in the canons IFA.
Pgogicis and in line Plinthij, fine solar cycle. Canon is no obscurity.
he has tis. Ethiopia Romanenfium the year of 1548, Bio.
cletiani 1, 64, call John 'time. 1 year to 2 64.
4 diuifa with no leaves. Therefore starts illeaniius postfextam Page.
men, and the whole year of being a ημάςα Ιωσυ8 Eayy € λιγά.Prima it.
Mascara is ημάςα surpasses & Loa * 8.
Entering fasting) Third party account of the movable feasts. In.
Twins fasting also named the τω τλgéïa ai, oh myetèy.
Syri694 1 1 e p h o s s c a 50 1 G E R L
Syrian 1Sco; > * * Y despite the spirit and lsaq; \ Y >> thick. Armenij A.
Ar t z z 1 EVT 1A, that is, @ aegodejua because this is fast in comparison.
to him, rigorous quadragefimam. However, Greek, Latin, Armenian, Sy.
ns cases, idemquc ieiunijintroitus, namely quinquagefimo how.
Greek rlu) zv2 / 2% $ zx'ω δ δg3odo call, also τω ἐdopuada ve9Φα.
, Oy, which is fast sua aufpicantur and τάς ήμί €% Xayxgeaoiu & ,.
in such a way so that in the mean time a sheep, Cafés & steps with butter, abstincant. Replace the Russians ,.
NMoscouitæ, and the many other nations that facra also to the Greek rite, but of the fermo.
Do not Slaues they engage in, LN is the same strength of the word 1000 A S A, or is to be, Getv € 94) esophagus.
£} ομασα call. Æthiopica Ecclcfia however, that neither Sunday ,.
nor is accustomed to fast on the Sabbath, from the Scxagefima enters into a fasting of Put, the days of.
Before ten Carnifpriuium Roman, such as domain and keep B.
co.mpenfet. Francis Aluarez Fasting for religioßßime / scratching Au.
fpicantes it feriafecunda the neighbor $ exagefimam, this is the time.
x front carne / first mostrum.) See the rest. For the old plan.
is τας κυειακας αίΚζις τελᾶν. Ephiphanius: τές δ xveuaxdg DTDa & ς.
qgvφςegς ήγάτα, ή αγία αὐτὴ κα3ολύ άικλησία, κ σωαζας Ci4 'i23sy.
£ mrexá and & n5. Also, τάς δxve / axaS έλ & * & * & ς & W αυτή τεαυρακος ί (wn.
ς & εον.) This apprimc watch Æthiopcs. For acting in their honor.
the early morning hours, every Sunday. However, a period of fasting through.
spending the whole day of starvation, he confeéti that when the Sun of the West, they contribute to the synaxes fe ,.
which operated the food fumes. Has AWO% εις λτί άνατκ άeg ;.
to be celebrated, a witness of the same Epiphanius, from imitation, that is, e êwdtV; Iudai €.
Heaven, by the Agoa 60% and sacrifice vefpertinum began. In t r o.
1 TV's, then 1 V NI El Negro is Sexagefima.
In the previous (Saturday)] feptimi first Saturday of the week as well.
Jews call Saturday. The other is on the first Saturday ,.
ipfis said Saturday that Christ or, as in their own language ,.
Sanbathe Chriflo or Sanbath Zachristos.
Luke adjicito) running in this year of grace 1; 1 2. The cycle Paf.
chalis XIX, first by the rule. Wherever it on the calendar.
came up to meet xix, there is a matquê, by means of the same canon. The Plinthion.
The V. To Matt Iachathith have six. Therefore Matt Iachathith p.
Intro to matque of fasting. 5 to its regular who had Plinthio ,.
abieétis 7, gives a fair tertiam ipfa Matt Iachathith. Said CA.
I If it matque on Tuesday that this year 13 1 2, then Adan.
Give it six. Therefore, when Matt Iachathith XIX Compofita gives xvii.
Magabith. Accordingly, xvii Magabith is the entrance of fasting, Page, vtloquitur.
Ecclefia Æthiopica as the Roman Sexagefima. But if Pliny.
thion was two, then it would be more on the matque Hence from XXII.
were added. Thus the rcliquis.
To / ceu4) 500 E 1000 E 1000 N 500 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 50 1 5 2. 695.
£.
A Paraßeuae) Parasceuen say Ven. which is Hebrew ay. A.
rabic x * =.
MAT Qy E in the previous (Saturday) /, shall XT 1 1 inserts) and a child.
This can be established about the vice of leetionem. In fact, xv 1 1, 1 ,. the force of all the abieétis
I will leave 3. The Easter, therefore, is made by a matquê, that irj.
• T •. '| 10 V.
placed on the Saturday of the week is added to 111, with the $ phase. V.
     • 1.
3 holiday bird. This is absurd. For eighteen legen then lo xx.
While XVI.