
about three years Solaribus dctra & ti, leaving 21 Aeeia. Yet in most.
Map 2 O 100 is only desirable, because of an bifextum Iulianum.quatuor.
if Julian, 1461. This is the day of the 1477 days taken away and leave 16.
from $ ιάας. But since this year is δαζαιςεσιμαί%, that is, duodies about him.
destroyed 15 Aeeia ;: vtcft will leave the board. That is the first.
Tetraeteris δαεζαθεσιμαύ © is made so dcmonftratur. Previously, we have 1 2 9.
ajdgx & ς ημάegς only in effect for 76 years ought Greeks. that if the ipfos.
diftribuantur years, we will have £ 1 in fingulis years. So primusan.
a day when we have less #: fecund dies with z £ .tertius i.
When the two tom g. fourth along with £. Itaquc first and fourth.
fingulas have dúágχ & ς ήμíe%, and hence the whole Tetraeteris is όσs.
3αθέσιμού ©. So Progreffu Day 1 £ oftendet to a fifth Tetraete.
500 Merida, tenth and fifteenth effects hora3a / 3aoiuaιες. That is.
The first year of the first Tctracteridis not immediately mutilaretur one day, Fed.
Two days after the fourth year perimeretur, teaches us that we Cicero ,.
they which are of the usual, to be released in the same mense fcribit a day and to be chosen, Psalm cx.
the regular time register. So you elegantiffimam period ,.
of which are of a new moon of the first of all the Tetraeteridum exaétiffime Lu.
nares.Nam primonouilunio deprehenfo, the rest of fequentur, as it were.
SatCIla named l roptcr inccrta however cpochas years in nations.
500 »Greeks.
Uz & O's e p h o 1 1 50 1 S C A G E R L
Greeks and diuerfa beginning menfium well as old, Olympia A.
herald declared pitch of the game. Pindarus Ifthmico fecun.
do: άτε έ καςυκες άegv dyiyvoy awoyd \ O <p6e9 Ke9ida Zlwòς A'λ € ίε.
Scholuim: oi oi κήςυκες τας όegς & τὸν καιό 3 JAwuAiaxä DYO.
V @ àxìguoyoy, xaff CIO ère7 \ άδ. In this way, as the period of veriffima this is wrought, to the.
cæteræomnes flows and Greek periods dire & ing tanquamad division.
* EGUL, and that respect cultusOlympici, changing only Tetractc.
ridibus, it is not autemnouiluniis. Namomnes the periodoruman.
contained in the cycle of the moon is not convenient for them, but not to the intempore. Exemplum.Pe.
Rio attic molded Olympic years older than 38 who funtduo cy.
cli.Itaque cumOlympica the cycle of Attica, after it, it at all times: that.
Older attic method is devised, Olympic pofterior and year B.
primusTetraeteridis Atticus, there arose the third Olympics. Scholiaftes Pindar.
Olymplco be. 91, 3) the fluid íuáegy ol δύο όίκησω. 6 μᾶ) E4 and gμο50 'end.
^ VuTio. δ δ AauTgóμοιχθ, $ 1 paa. Celcbrabantur always say the same.
eiufdem menfis. Now celebrating Kai. Hyperberetæi aeftir. Therefore.
Prior tetracteridis Feftumcadebatin nouilunia: pofteriorisin full.
allotting that incidebatinneomeniam menfis Ifthmiaci and fifteen men.
f Elidenfis. Idemtamen is fitus years old, the very same moon that cost.
they differ to each bi videbitur.Quare omnesperiodi 19, or 57, or 38.
years, one, three, or two of his life had passed. If it differs from the period of a certain woman.
one Olympic cycle VICEF of one year will be the first ,.
And thus the fourth year of either C. difficile Tetraeteridis eritprimus alterius.Si
to carry to the two had passed, and by the third year alterutriusTetraeteridis eritprimus.
tetraeteridis another. Finally, if three different cycles, fecun year.
Tetracteridis be one of the first pact. Sæpenumero Tetracus.
1476 is a waste of days that the first period. those who are at all: Llinares.
mcnfes and fifty, and still, when I Tetraeteris of the moon, is said only a.
menfium vndequinquaginta: Itaq; IudaiciAbmenfis the first year of the cycle.
£) lympicushabcbit neomeniaminxi Iulij.cyclo Pafchaliquarto.quin.
neomeniaAbcritin to 28 years Iunij.At menfis Olympicuseritnoniâ.
From that in the previous Tetraeteride, but on July 28, cyclo Pafchali oétauo.
hence it is one vtramqueneomeniam are menfesabfoluti Lunaresquin.
quaginta.Hoceft, that voluitinterpres Pindariintcrtium the course at Olympia, P.
χύζ) d \ όαχότὰ μέρ δέ τέοτάegxoy% eniai ulwöy. IIά σε δαπερίτοy.
B. δάν έ τὰ μέρ τέ Azro μlwi g ^ ®, roid, 7) Ila;% ig $ aíkAάται. This.
He will, once celebrated τύ άκα% μβαιόμ ττνωείας, τά δέ τύμά.
χειτιὰ Ἀgv% y € IAG. But menfis, in which the session, it was among the ordinary people of radiation.
was the same thing, for example, of Hecatombaeon popular, but not always that Hecate is.
baeon τ £ V% € ίας. ELEVENTH menfis from the sixteenth through five.
certamcn celcbrabatur dies. Frozen rcgiiauige $ αμίλας said Pinder.
ru§ID Succeeding E N 500 E 1000 P O R T A T. B. I. V m 50 1 4 ,.
A country Olympic v. This is an example nunquami anticipated.
xάτgoy. Unto them that sold, however, Elidenfium the ninth, it EAd®owtantum reperiapud.
Paufaniam h uaxóv, Nat 'δ ίκαςων φυλαζαὐες ό μαὐτός τ'w% ^ & W.
RLW i \ xx? Eλαφία μ! Wός xouęqu Ex & A, V% of% R / U »τάφegy. In AE.
Nay components of the spring when the incidcre idem fig uaxäv ft. EAI o £ óg * RJ.
xoyv4j% AOI, 6) Bασίλαι x ^ x άμος τέ Kegi®% iamuseiw tlw ά τῆe ,.
Eλαφίω μlui J $ Hλ € ίοις. Therefore, the same terms with the Elaphebolion and.
Consequently ninth month from the first folftitiali. I also ScholiâPinda.
Axo if £ ^ G aus? Ila}% ίε μιμός. 111 ODE year. TI) DL j dy, and Zori.
μά δέ τεara egxo% and Mia uiuêy, rosemary ó * tifìxoy%. δάν έπὸ μά τὸA ;.
ZRO ^^ Ayia μlui, rofei a τῆ IT> £% ^ g iaik άται. . . . · ·.
n 7.