8.876 ;.
epaétæ one menfis 1.12.79 3. epaétæ made in connection with thirteen.
5. menfium i z 589. epaétæ year embolimaei namely that man.
menfium x1II. .
Excess gycli) in the cycle of the year there are six. of whom the twelve fim.
proof, the seven embolimæi, twelve years epaétæ simple 4. 8.
3. 9 8 7 6 made 792 times epaétæ year embolimaei 5. 21. 589 ,.
6. 6. happens happens Iunctim 2. 16. 883. 595. epaétæ years XIX ,.
twelve simple and the seven embolimæorum, which is a measure v.
100 genius gray. ".
* Nouilunia Tohu) $ £ ^ ιον an nouilunij Jewish flue origin, such as MSG.
visit the they call it, it is the day of the week and fruitful, and the hour of the fifth day, scruples is. four hundred.
This is the pofitio: Z. 5. 2 O4. This book is an explanation fecun.
give and be given further below. Day at the beginning of the Jewish civil war.
Occafu sun; And therefore the lunar calculation reduced to six hours ,.
the place where it will be seen that the fuo. Jews call it the lower age epuis $ ^ ιον.
snn ijiomini, that is, the yeoulwiaw χαοις. T H v for yourselves, because the Old.
Greek χα® the bus. It is therefore aego 1000 ^ \ 5% μα9nuatix), for example, are all out.
Poch movements. But the Jews that nouilunia TGO ^ ηίικόν called.
istý Rio is an ἐπιτλήζεως. Also called RNA% n rat; άπίλλη% ;.
^ Edge 500 ft / ;, corrections to the moon, staged polling. Moon mold Sa.
applying a jealous God Opt.Max. demanded that the lees sun.
one light. Every kingdom that can not tolerate more strong. And so on.
grauitcr not take cognizance it by God, from the day of the week the fourth quarter, in heaven and which are fufpenfo.
loluminaria, dark obduétam luxisse not until 1000 H o o first.
created. So filuisse Moon for two days, Wednesday and fifth.
a break. The result, as nouilunio completing two or belief.
rctur that this is indeed dcsignatur nouilunio Tohu: What words.
Ggg 4 opus63? E p h o s s c a 1 1 50 1 G E R L
it is? Never the ancient Greeks to the disease mythologiarum A.
{Uranium and Jews. Where Babbinica aeëkg) {α be a dead man.
Le & tor expeétationem beside himself are in a moment of exploiting it. If.
When it is worthy betray'd, stand above © sôsXaê g.
χωής, the play raagoaj§% @ οτ or knows some of the old.
The Rabbis, and the business with all the litigation which is came. And why the moon se.
mules are unable to tend to the lees upon which no light at the end of the sun.
men does it have? Nouilunia the first time a Jewish holiday sccun.
Give hor. 5. 2 O4, the sun in the West, or what is the same, fe.
Syria prolific hour. 11. 2 O4, afternoon in Jerusalem in PE.
riod of Julian 953, October seventh, the letter G, the first cycle Sunday.
For Sunday Romanusidem estcui cycle of the Jewish people.
• 4mmus $ Olara) The second part of the account of the Jewish pcrt to the sun.
which relates to, in that quarter that pendct Tckupharum the doctrine of.
Excess $ oils / EIGN ammum or Lunar) Remove the years moon.
ns 354.8.876 years from now Solaris 365, 6. o. It remains άσεοςχύ.
i ^ ιακή lo. 21. 2 O4.
Excess cycles) from canonc Gamaliclis, which above the expofuimus ,.
After the excess multiplied by seven times Sunday, derive menfibus moon.
wounds, remains disputed Sunday and Monday, hor. 1. 485. Thus li.
bro demonstrated ongoing. Throw feptemmenfes fynodicos, O6.
1 17- 51, from nineteen cases Solaribus, 2 O6, 18, 636, relin.
Sunday follows the same cycle cxcessus Oh. 1. 485. This is the first Canon.
B.
Tekupharum. €.
Tohu excess of $ Olar) Book ongoing explained the reason for this.
the excess. Year of the Jew by breaking the same was both the Sun's, and it is at this day, with the vc.
Syromacedonico waste. For Hyperberetaeus tetraetcricus, Macedonia, Thracia.
Oh, and whether Alexandreus began the day eight of the orb. And so, on the last day of the year.
He was seventh Octobris, where every fourth year, when intercalabatur.
Syromacedonum such a time as the hagarena and the Jews.
Calippica phase Alexandria vtebantur. Tekupha the autumn ,.
Macedonia is called xêygo »μέστωσσὸν hurdles VII O & O.
bris. Kártyov χειμέe / Wow, Tekupha hibernation into force January. Tekupha.
Spring XIV: ov% Wo in VII April. Tekupha summer, Xanga, 3g3,3 ,.
seventh of July. And these two Tekuphae is not a fiction of the Jewish, the Fed.
Of the Greeks, as we have said elsewhere, who employ these parts of the year, and GE, was used instead. E
endorse in Julian, first of all at once with a type of Antioch.
admiferunt, Deindc is also equal to Jews. In fact, the times of warfare as & Iofephus.
li Jewish writings of Julian days' Antiochenfiumdeß.
gnat: yt defender must participate from the beginning of the cam accepissc they may be seen, falta a genetic inheritance.
Archclai confiscated. Ncque doubt, is to be, quit, either at that ,.
Or.
/.
ID E N 500 E 1000 E 1000 E P O R T A T. B. V 1000 51 5 2. . 6; 3.
Aaut under Herod's form this year has come. Then after starting from bleached.
Tekuphae Julian and the Macedonian defitu. A Tekupha the old ,.
Oh, and the seventh is from October, to September XXIV, where Sofigenes set St.
quinoótium days are praecife XIII. In fact, there are æquinoétium Sofigenis.
Matt on the first day of Septcmbris: κόττον the με (τωόν is XXXVII.
days have elapsed from iifdem on the first, in which was the hour of day for the first nouilunia.
3. 2 O4, for example diets above. Tekupha tifrum in the first year and 9.
praecife hours in the night. If it were molded into nouilunia.
on 37. 5. 2 O4: Tekupha at 2 4. 9.